 From the New York Times, it's the headlines. I'm Michael Simon Johnson. Today's Friday, July 12th. Here's what we're covering. Well, good evening. We just concluded this year's NATO summit. In Washington last night, President Biden stepped into the spotlight at the closing of the NATO summit for the most anticipated press conference of his presidency. It came exactly two weeks after a disastrous debate performance that kicked off relentless discussion in his own party about whether he should end his campaign for reelection. At the press conference, Biden got off to a rocky start by calling his vice president the wrong name. What concerns do you have about Vice President Harris's ability to beat Donald Trump if she were at the top of the ticket? Look, I wouldn't have picked Vice President Trump to be vice president, though I think is not qualified to be president. So let's start there. The mix up was Biden's most notable flub in the nearly hour long news conference. His answers rambled at times and his voice grew weaker as the night went on, but he delivered forceful substantive answers about foreign policy, including on Russia, China and Gaza. Overall, his performance was steadier than at the debate as he dismissed question after question about whether he's rethinking his candidacy. How can you reassure the American people that you won't have more bad nights whether they'd be on a debate stage or it's a matter of foreign policy? Well, I'll tell you what. The best way to assure them is the way I assure myself. And that is, am I getting the job done? Am I getting the job done? Can you name me somebody who's got more major pieces of legislation passed in three and a half years? I created 2,000 jobs just last week. So if I slow down, I can't get the job done. That's a sign that I shouldn't be doing it. But there's no indication of that yet. None. This press conference was a real opportunity for him to demonstrate the basics of being a politician, that he could stand in front of an audience and speak extemporaneously and answer questions. And he did appear to pass that test. The Times political reporter Reed Epstein was covering the press conference. It was not a home run of an event. It was not a disaster of an event. And really, that may wind up being what a lot of Democrats hold us they feared was the worst case scenario in that it prolongs President Biden's decision to stay in the race while we continue to see a trickle of defections of people in his party saying he should get out. In the hours after Biden left the stage, reaction among Democrats on Capitol Hill was mixed. Senator Chris Coons of Delaware said, quote, anyone concerned about his ability to lead and govern should be reassured. Meanwhile, three more Democratic members of the House called on Biden to drop out of the race. So far, a total of 18 congressional Democrats have now said publicly that Biden should step aside. New data from the Federal Reserve shows that inflation in the US is slowing meaningfully. The latest numbers released yesterday put overall annual inflation at 3% last month, down from 3.3% the month before. That means the cost of many consumer goods has been growing more slowly and some prices have actually gone down, including for hotel rooms and plane tickets. Inflation peaked two years ago at over 9%. Now the downward trend could push Fed officials to consider cutting interest rates later this year, a move they've been reluctant to make until the economy cools down. The Israeli military has released its first investigation into how it responded to the October 7 attacks last year, and it shows wide ranging failures. The inquiry focused on the Hamas-led assault on Kibbutz Be'eri, one of the hardest hit It found that the military made a series of critical errors, including a lack of coordination among units and that some troops prioritized evacuating wounded soldiers over helping civilians. A spokesman for the Israeli military said, The acknowledgement is just the beginning of a national reckoning, as many Israelis press their government for accountability over the deadliest day in the country's history. While the Israeli military is carrying out other investigations into its own actions, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has rejected calls for a broader independent investigation, saying that should wait until the war in Gaza is over. A Times analysis has found that nursing homes across the U.S. face critical shortages of and that states are failing to enforce laws designed to guarantee adequate staffing. California, New York, Rhode Island, and other states have raised the minimum hours of care for patients, but it's not working. In Rhode Island, for example, 84% of nursing homes failed to give patients the roughly four hours of daily care that's required by law. The consequences for residents who don't get sufficient care can be severe. They sometimes sit for hours in soiled clothes, develop bed sores since no one is helping to move them, and can have devastating falls. The laws around staffing aren't being fully enforced for a number of reasons. Health inspection offices are underfunded, there are few penalties for violations, and exemptions are often carved out for nursing homes in places with labor shortages. For their part, nursing homes have argued that they can't stay properly staffed because they don't get enough money from Medicaid, the government program that covers most people who live in their facilities. But a growing body of research shows that owners and investors in nursing homes often get big profits and could be using that money to improve patient care. Red Ron! Daddy, what's the matter, hon? Red Ron! You having a bad dream? Daddy? Shelley Duvall, the actress known for her legendary role as the terrified wife in The Shining, died yesterday at age 75. With her quirky style and distinct looks, Duvall was not a typical Hollywood star. In fact, she never set out to be an actor, but a chance meeting with director Robert Altman, who was known for his offbeat casting, flung her into stardom. She appeared in five consecutive Altman films in the 70s and 80s, including his live-action adaptation of Popeye, where she embodied the sailor's doting love interest, olive oil. He's large. Daddy? Large. But it was her role as the innocent yet resourceful Wendy Torrance in Stanley Kubrick's The Shining, who watches with horror as her husband descends into madness that came to define her career. You went into the room, Danny said, to 237? Yes, I did. And you didn't say anything at all? Absolutely nothing. It was long rumored that working with Kubrick, who was notoriously demanding, pushed Duvall to give up acting, but she later said she was thankful for his obsessive precision and that she came to admire him. In an interview with the Times earlier this year, Duvall reflected on the string of movies that propelled her to fame, saying that at the time she thought, quote, boy, if it's this easy, why doesn't everybody act? Those are the headlines. Today on The Daily, how health care for pets became a multibillion dollar industry. Listen next on the New York Times playlist. This show is made by Jessica Metzger, Tracy Mumford, Jan Stewart, and me, Michael Simon Johnson, with help from Isabella Anderson. Original theme by Dan Powell. Special thanks to Larissa Anderson, Jake Lucas, Zoe Murphy, and Paula Schuman. The headlines will be back on Monday.