 From the New York Times, it's the headlines. I'm Michael Simon Johnson. Today's Wednesday, July 3rd. Here's what we're covering. After President Biden's disastrous performance in last week's presidential debate, the Times has been speaking with people who've spent time with Biden over the last few months. And many of them say the president appears increasingly confused and listless. For Biden, like many people in their 80s, forgetting someone's name or mixing up some facts isn't new. But people who've been in the room with him say the lapses are growing more common and more worrisome. It's not pronounced all the time. Aides and others say Biden's also frequently alert, coherent and engaged in complicated discussions. And the White House says he's generally in excellent shape. But the debate really shook some of those in Biden's orbit. Several advisors, as well as current and former administration officials, say they were stunned by his performance because it was the worst they had seen him. His recent lapses have seemed more likely to happen when he's in a large crowd or tired after a particularly busy schedule like the one he's been keeping lately. In the weeks leading up to the debate, Biden flew across the Atlantic twice for meetings with foreign leaders and to California for a fundraiser. Last night, Biden himself blamed his schedule, saying it wasn't smart to debate right after all his travels. As the White House tries to fend off questions about Biden's mental acuity, top Democrats largely still support the president. But a growing chorus of Democratic lawmakers are publicly expressing frustration with Biden. What was really notable was that a lot of the concerns that we had heard being privately discussed over the weekend and after the debate suddenly broke into the open. Katie Edmondson covers Congress. We had one Democratic Senator, Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island, telling his local television station that he wanted an assurance from the White House about the president's condition. You had another Senator, Peter Welch of Vermont, saying that the Biden campaign really needed to take seriously the concerns the Democrats were raising and not to have a dismissive attitude. And then finally, you had Congressman Lloyd Doggett of Texas become the first sitting member of Congress to call for President Biden not to run for reelection. I hope that he will put country first and decide to step aside, give us a fair, open, Democratic with a small D convention and a lead up to that convention. I think there are a number of candidates that could come in and provide us a stronger message and trying to prevent a Trump authoritarian takeover. And part of the reason why there is so much panic and there is so much anxiety among Democrats about President Biden's ability to be a strong top of ticket is because they're not just worried about his performance in terms of keeping control of the White House, but they're also worried about how concerns about his fitness might permeate further down the ballot, how it might affect Democrats who are running in these key races across the country for control of the House and control of the Senate. This is something actually the Congressman Doggett and I spoke about yesterday on Tuesday. He said it was a big concern of his that Senate candidates, Democratic candidates could potentially be adversely affected by having to run on the same ballot with a president that voters might be concerned about, especially in some of these more purple or even red leaning districts or states. And he said, quote, that is why we need all the help we can get from the top. In Manhattan yesterday, the judge in Donald Trump's hush money trial pushed back the sentencing hearing by more than two months and agreed to consider whether the verdict against Trump should stand at all. Trump's legal team had asked the judge to throw out Trump's 34 felony convictions after the Supreme Court's major decision on presidential immunity. Trump's lawyers argued that the prosecution's case included evidence from when Trump was in the White House. And they say that's not allowed under the Supreme Court's new ruling that provides immunity for a president's official acts. The sentencing hearing had been scheduled for next week. Now, the judge says he'll rule on September 6th whether or not to overturn the verdict. If the conviction stands, Trump will then be sentenced on September 18th. He faces up to four years in prison, but could get just a few weeks or be sentenced to probation. GPS runs the modern world at this point. The satellite based system is the key for everything from cell phone signals to the power grid to correctly routing ambulances. But the Times has been looking at how that crucial system is under daily attack. There's rampant spoofing happening where misleading data is sent to devices. Researchers found that this year alone, more than 60,000 commercial flights were hit by bogus signals, which can make pilots think they're on the right course or at the right altitude when they're not. There's also jamming where GPS satellite signals are being drowned out. That's now especially common near combat zones. This year, both Russia and Israel have been blamed for widespread jamming or spoofing. All of that has countries around the world examining their systems. The U.S. is particularly vulnerable because many of the satellites in the GPS system are old and they've been in orbit longer than they were expected to be or should have been. Times reporter Salam Ghabrekedin has been looking at GPS infrastructure and the threats facing it. When you look at other countries that have built up newer systems and have modernized them, if you take, for example, the European Galileo system, they have an authentication system that assures people that they're getting the right signals. And if you look at the Chinese system, it's called Beidou, they have the largest number of satellites. And China has been building a backup system to cover the entire country in case satellite signals are not available. The U.S. has not invested in a backup system in the same way. The Obama administration had been talking about it and the Trump administration had even issued an executive order. But new technologies have not been adopted and they're going to take some time. And so the U.S. GPS is falling behind. And finally, in March 2020, at the beginning of the pandemic, the federal government paused student loan payments for millions of Americans, the start of an unprecedented yearslong break from paying down that debt. When that pause expired late last year, people were supposed to start paying again and the government was supposed to start collecting the one point six trillion dollars it's owed. But the most recent federal data shows that nearly half of student loan borrowers still aren't making payments. Some borrowers simply can't afford it. And the effort to collect that debt has been complicated by a tangle of court rulings that have stopped and started and stopped various government efforts to offer debt relief. Many Americans are also taking advantage of a grace period that's allowed them to put off payments without hurting their credit score. One 36 year old who took out loans to get a master's degree told The Times she decided that payments on her house and the cost of caring for her child are more urgent than paying off her student debt. And she said that the back and forth court rulings have made it hard to tell how to move forward. Regarding her loan payments, she said, quote, I'm just kind of in analysis paralysis where I don't do anything. Those are the headlines today on The Daily, an update on Evan Gershkovich, the Wall Street Journal reporter who's been held in a Russian prison on espionage charges for more than a year. Listen next on the New York Times playlist. I'm Michael Simon Johnson in for Tracy Mumford. The headlines will be back on Friday after the holiday.