 From the New York Times, it's the headlines. I'm Tracy Mumford. Today's Friday, June 21st. Here's what we're covering. New campaign finance numbers show that former President Donald Trump is riding a fundraising surge to the point that he surpassed President Joe Biden's totals for the second month in a row. The latest numbers show Trump brought in roughly $81 million more than Biden in April and May. While the Biden campaign combined with the Democratic Party still have more cash on hand, Trump and the GOP are gaining. At the beginning of the general election, the Biden campaign and its allies had argued that for all of Joe Biden's vulnerabilities, inflation, his sagging approval ratings and concerns about his age, one of his clear advantage in this race was going to be money. And now Donald Trump has sharply eroded that early financial advantage that the Biden campaign had enjoyed. Shane Goldmacher covers the presidential race. He says a big part of Trump's surge came after his felony conviction for falsifying business records. The Trump campaign says it raised online donations from smaller donors to the tune of over $50 million in just the 24 hours following the verdict. Mega donors jumped in too. The day after Trump was found guilty, a pro-Trump super PAC received $50 million from the reclusive billionaire Timothy Mellon. And so in that one day, you're talking about a hundred million dollar swing in the race. This sum has dramatically reshaped the financial landscape of the race, in which for months, Joe Biden has been the only candidate on the airwaves and Trump has been absent. And with this shift, Trump is expected to now have the financial firepower to advertise in the battleground states. In Florida today, there's a hearing in the classified documents case against Donald Trump. Judge Aileen Cannon, who was appointed by Trump, has agreed to hear a motion from the defense about whether the charges should be dismissed. The defense is claiming that the special prosecutor who brought the charges, Jack Smith, was improperly appointed. They're arguing that special prosecutors should be appointed by the president or the Senate. Smith was instead appointed by attorney general Merrick Garland. The issue is technical and it's unusual that this hearing is happening at all. Going back to the 1970s and Watergate, U.S. courts have repeatedly rejected efforts like Trump's to question the standing of independent prosecutors. Despite this record, Judge Cannon is holding a two-day hearing on the issue. Even before the proceedings she's holding today, Judge Cannon has made just a series of decisions that have both caught the eye and raised the eyebrows of legal experts who've been watching this case. Prosecutors reporter Alan Feuer is covering the classified documents case. He says Judge Cannon has handled pretrial motions slowly, displayed hostility to the prosecution, and indefinitely postponed the trial start date. Alan says the concerns about how she's handling the case date back to when it was first filed. My colleague Charlie Savage and I reported this week that those concerns were actually shared by some of the judges that she works with in the Southern District of Florida. It turned out that shortly after she was assigned Trump's case back in June of 2023, two more experienced judges in her district actually approached Judge Cannon and encouraged her to give up oversight of the case and sort of pass it along to another judge. But of course, as was her right, she rejected those in treaties. This week's heat wave in the U.S. is continuing to shatter temperature records and has left roughly a third of Americans under extreme heat advisories. A lot of the country still has several days of high temperatures to go. They're expected to peak in the northeast this weekend and in the south and Great Plains early next week. It's part of a streak of extreme heat that's been sweeping the globe recently. India's been under an extraordinarily long heat wave that killed election workers out in the sun. Earlier this month in Algeria, riots broke out after a lack of rain dried up drinking water supplies. In Saudi Arabia, dozens of people have died from extreme heat during the Hajj, the annual pilgrimage to Mecca, Islam's holiest city. And now Greece is bracing for wildfires after back-to-back heat waves there. This year is on track to be the hottest in recorded history, surpassing last year's record. A new investigation from the Times into the high price of prescription drugs has identified how a little-known sector of the industry is driving up costs. The businesses are called Pharmacy Benefit Managers, or PBMs, and they're so deep in the labyrinth of the health care system that many people don't know they exist. These groups act as middlemen overseeing prescriptions for more than 200 million Americans. They're supposed to negotiate and reduce drug costs, but the Times found they frequently do the opposite. Times reporters talked to more than 300 current and former PBM employees, patients, doctors, pharmacists, and other experts, and reviewed court documents and patient records. They found the PBMs sometimes push patients towards drugs with higher out-of-pocket costs, shunning cheaper alternatives. That left one cancer patient in Illinois paying hundreds more for pain meds because the PBM care mark required her to use a more expensive version. And in New Jersey, the PBM Express Scripps pushed a patient to pay over $200 for an allergy drug that would have cost $22 at Costco. The Times also found that PBMs charge employers or government programs like Medicare multiple times the wholesale price of a drug. And PBMs are extracting billions in hidden fees from drug companies. Their business practices end up touching nearly every American family. Even people who don't take prescription drugs end up paying higher insurance premiums as a result of the inflated costs. Officials at some of the largest PBMs acknowledged there were times they overcharged, but they defended their business model and said they offered the lowest overall prices to their clients. The full investigation into prescription benefit managers is at NYTimes.com. And finally, The fact that this is my first time getting to come to Portugal and this is how you welcome us? Are you serious? Taylor Swift has been spending the last several weeks in Europe on her Eras Tour. And Europe may have an inflation rate to show for it. Swift has been an economic tour de force everywhere she's gone. Fans have been splurging on plane tickets, flights and restaurants that can push up prices, which then feed into each country's inflation rate. Portugal's statistics office said the country's inflation rate accelerated last month, in jump in hotel prices in Lisbon, due to quote, a major cultural event. Swift was there at the end of May. The United Kingdom could feel it next. Barclays predicts Swift's tour there could lead to a bump of $1.3 billion in the British economy. She's doing three London shows starting tonight, and she's returning for more in August. Sweden got a taste of this effect last year with Beyonce when the singer's Renaissance tour kicked off in Stockholm. And one economist said the flurry of fans spending may have caused inflation in Sweden to stay slightly higher than expected. Those are the headlines. Today on The Daily, U.S. Surgeon General Vivek Murthy explains why he's warning teens and their parents about social media's impact on mental health. Listen next on the New York Times playlist. This show is made by Davis Land, Jessica Metzger, Jan Stewart and me, Tracy Mumford, with help from Isabella Anderson. Original theme by Dan Powell. Special thanks to Larissa Anderson, Paula Schuman and Erin Mandel. The headlines will be back on Monday.