 From the New York Times, it's the headlines. I'm Michael Simon Johnson. Today's Friday, July 5th. Here's what we're covering. Across our country, people will be waking up to the news, relieved that a weight has been lifted, a burden finally removed from the shoulders of this great nation. In the United Kingdom, voters have delivered an overwhelming victory for the Labour Party, sweeping aside conservatives after more than a decade in power. The landslide is on track to be the worst defeat for the Conservative Party in its nearly 200-year history, and it's propelled Keir Starmer, a former human rights lawyer, to the top of British politics as the country's new Prime Minister. We have to return politics to public service, show that politics can be a force for good. The UK election results weren't a surprise to anyone who's been watching the polls here over the last several months, but this really stunning victory by the Labour Party came as a real rejection of 14 years of conservative rule in Britain. Times International correspondent Megan Speisha covers the UK. Over the last few weeks, I traveled around the country and spoke to voters about what this moment meant for the nation, and there was this really unifying sense of frustration and disillusionment with the current state of the country. So many people were talking about the rising cost of living that had caused difficulties for them in affording their day-to-day basics. There was frustration with the health care system, which has really been hollowed out over the last couple of years, and people really expressed this desire for change, and they expressed that when they went to the polls on Thursday. This election was also a signal of the shift in the Labour Party itself. So in 2019, during the last general election, the Labour Party was under the leadership of Jeremy Corbyn, who was a much more left-leaning figure, and Keir Starmer has come in as this real moderating force, and he sort of reshaped the Labour Party in a more center-left image. At the same time, he has a huge mandate. He and his party have won more than 400 of the 650 seats in UK Parliament, and so they're going to have the ability to make some of these changes that he's pledged on the campaign trail over the past six weeks. The transition of power will happen quickly today. Outgoing Prime Minister Rishi Sunak is offering his formal resignation to King Charles this morning. Keir Starmer will be the new prime minister by early afternoon. One week after President Biden's halting low-energy performance in the debate, calls for him to pull out of the race have been growing louder, and a major rift with Democratic donors is growing wider. The Times has learned that many of the party's wealthy donors are making plans to pressure Biden to step aside. One group is working to raise as much as $100 million for a new fund that would be used to support a replacement candidate. If Biden stays in the race, the money would go to down-ballot Democrats and not the president. Other donors are threatening to withhold donations from any Democratic groups unless Biden drops out. The president, meanwhile, is not backing down. I learned from my father, when you get knocked down, just get back up. Get back up. In a pair of radio interviews yesterday, he defended his record and said there was no reason for Americans to be concerned about his performance. I didn't have a good debate. That's 90 minutes on stage. Look at what I've done in 3.5 years. I've led the economy back from the brink of collapse. It's still improving. We've got more to do. But at a meeting with Democratic governors the day before, Biden gave a stark acknowledgement of his fatigue. He said that he needs to get more sleep and work fewer hours, adding that he should avoid doing events after 8 p.m. Biden has also told two of his allies that he knows the next few days are crucial to saving his candidacy. He's scheduled to hold campaign rallies in Wisconsin and Pennsylvania. And this afternoon, he'll sit down for a televised interview with ABC's George Stephanopoulos in what is widely viewed as his best chance to calm fears about his mental fitness. The network says it will air the conversation unedited. The probability of hurricane force winds is greatest within that hurricane warning area that runs from Cancun down to Puerto Costa, Maya, including the island of Cozumel. Hurricane Barrel is churning toward the Yucatan Peninsula in Mexico, where it is expected to make landfall this morning before crossing over the Gulf of Mexico and hitting the country a second time near the border with Texas. Over the past few days, Barrel ripped through the Caribbean, devastating parts of Grenada and tearing up farmland in Jamaica. Across the region, the storm has killed at least eight people, though some officials have said the destruction could have been far worse. Still, the hurricane, which began as a Category 5, the earliest Category 5 ever recorded, has alarmed climate scientists who say that warming oceans gave Barrel the energy it needed to develop so quickly. And they say it's a preview of how intense the rest of this hurricane season could be. The FBI and the Department of Justice have opened an investigation into a major doping scandal in Olympic swimming after a Times investigation earlier this year revealed that 23 elite Chinese swimmers had tested positive for banned substances leading up to the last Summer Olympics. Despite the positive tests, the swimmers were not punished. Instead, the Chinese authorities and the world governing body that oversees doping in sports allowed the swimmers to compete, and the Chinese team took home several medals that year, including three golds. The FBI is looking into how the testing was handled and why the swimmers weren't disciplined. One of the groups being investigated, the World Anti-Doping Agency, said in a statement that it did nothing wrong and criticized the FBI, claiming that it's going beyond its jurisdiction by looking into doping overseas. The investigation is a major escalation against China and anti-doping agencies just weeks before this Summer's Olympics in Paris, and it's likely to cast a shadow over the Games. Eleven of the Chinese swimmers who tested positive in 2021 are competing again this year. And finally, there's been a push in recent years for a four-day work week. Countries like New Zealand, Iceland, and Britain have experimented with it, but now one country is experimenting with a move in the opposite direction. A law in Greece went into effect this week that gives companies the ability to enforce a six-day work week. It does have some conditions. It only applies to certain industrial sectors and businesses and is only allowed in quote, exceptional circumstances. But proponents say it will help address a shortage of skilled labor that has been a problem across much of Europe for more than a decade. They say that in addition to helping employers, the law will also be good for workers since it gives them at least 40% extra pay on their sixth day of work. Still, many opponents of the law are furious with the leftist opposition party calling it quote, a return to working conditions of the 19th century that puts the country to shame. Those are the headlines. Today on The Daily, what new research shows about the long-term risks of drinking alcohol. Listen next on the New York Times playlist. This show is made by Jessica Metzger, Tracy Mumford, Jan Stewart, and me, Michael Simon Johnson, with help from Isabella Anderson. Original theme by Dan Powell. Special thanks to Larissa Anderson, Jake Lucas, Zoe Murphy, and Paula Schumann. The headlines will be back on Monday.