 From the New York Times, it's the headlines. I'm Tracy Mumford. Today's Monday, June 24th. Here's what we're covering. Today marks two years since the Supreme Court overturned Roe v. Wade, eliminating the constitutional right to abortion. The decision unleashed a wave of abortion bans and restrictions across more than 20 states. And this week, the Biden campaign is making the end of Roe, and Donald Trump's role in it, its key message. With a blitz of ads, campaign events, and news conferences, Democrats are trying to emphasize to voters that it was Trump who nominated justices that helped overturn Roe. Trump, meanwhile, has said he is, quote, proudly responsible. And abortion rights are virtually guaranteed to come up when Biden and Trump meet on the debate stage this Thursday for the first debate of the 2024 election. This is perhaps the most high stakes moment in the presidential race so far. It's the first time voters are going to be able to see President Biden and former President Trump in a direct confrontation since October 2020. And it's the first time both these men have been in the same room together since that point. Times politics reporter Lisa Lair has been looking at how both candidates are preparing for the debate. President Biden is supposed to talk about the issues that really have defined his campaign so far, which includes things like voting rights, racial justice, and abortion rights. He's also expected to talk about some economic issues. Former President Trump wants to talk about a trifecta of issues, immigration, inflation, foreign policy. And one thing I'm going to be really watching for is the interpersonal dynamics between these two men. These are two candidates who have made no effort to conceal just how much they hate each other. They're having this debate in a time when the country is deeply polarized, is fragmented. So there is a risk of emotions running high and a misstep coming out of that sense of emotion, perhaps an attack that gets too personal or goes a little bit too hard. This week's debate will be hosted by CNN. And because it's happening early in the race, the earliest ever between two major candidates, Lisa says any missteps that happen could be turned into attack ads, talking points, or even memes that could then reverberate for months. Lisa Coughlin In Saudi Arabia, the health minister has announced that more than 1300 people died making the annual Islamic pilgrimage of Hajj amid extreme heat. More than two million Muslims make the trip to the holy city of Mecca each year. This year, temperatures soared past 120 degrees. And the high death toll has exposed an off-the-book system that puts many worshippers at risk. Officials say the majority of those who died did not have a permit to visit Mecca. Pilgrims are required to register for a permit before making the journey. And those who do get access to air-conditioned buses and tents that offer protection from the heat. But many Muslims who can't afford that turn to underground tour operators. Those groups exploit loopholes to get them into the country and sometimes abandon people to walk for miles in the baking heat. The deaths this year show that Saudi efforts to crack down on those unofficial tour groups, including by setting up a security cordon around Mecca weeks before the Hajj, appear to have failed. And there's also been fallout in some of the home countries of pilgrims who died. The Jordanian government is opening an investigation into illegal Hajj guides. The Egyptian authorities are revoking the licenses of more than a dozen companies that didn't provide adequate services. And the president of Tunisia fired the country's religious affairs minister. In southern Russia, gunmen attacked synagogues and churches in two cities last night, killing multiple police officers and a priest. The precise death toll was not immediately clear, and authorities have yet to identify the attackers or their motive. But the attack is the latest outburst of apparent extremist violence inside Russia. In March, the Islamic State claimed responsibility for killing 145 people at a concert hall in Moscow. Last night's attacks occurred in the diverse, predominantly Muslim region of Dagestan. Dagestan, especially just because of its religious and ethnic complexity, is a thing in itself. And when you come there, you feel it, that it's a very different place from the rest of Russia. Ivan Netoporenko is covering the latest on the attacks. It's so complex just because there's so many languages, there's so many ethnicities and religions too. It's also home to one of the oldest Jewish communities in Russia. The synagogues that were attacked are also one of the oldest and one of the most celebrated in Russia and active in Russia. So it's hard to tell what their motives were and the point they wanted to make by unleashing a few hours of mayhem in major cities of Dagestan. But it is clear that there is a deep sense of instability and the inter-ethnic balance in this part of Russia is very brittle. And the central government in Moscow is sometimes not as effective in regulating and mediating these internal conflicts that of course exist there. And finally, in recent years, Americans have become more willing to spend money on their pets and it's transformed the veterinary industry. Animal medicine has changed a lot over the years and it's now approaching the level of human health care. Animal clinics and animal hospitals are really like real hospitals with MRIs and specialists and things like oncology and cardiology and critical care units. Katie Thomas is an investigative health care reporter for the Times and she's been looking into pet health care, an industry that's now worth billions. She says pet owners are feeling those costs. Veterinary prices have soared more than 60% over the past decade. Some of that's the technological advancement, the MRIs, etc. Some of it's the tight labor market affecting just about everything. But she says some of it is the business model. Private equity firms and large corporations have seen how much people are willing to spend on their pet's health and have bought up hundreds of vet clinics around the country and then put pressure on them to become more profitable. When I spoke to pet owners, they're really happy that there are so many more options now available for their pets. But now they're faced with a very difficult decision sometimes about whether to do a procedure and potentially go into years of debt or to let their pet die, which is a really difficult choice to have to make. For example, I spoke to a woman whose dog and her horse at almost the same time both experienced medical emergencies and she faced a bill of more than $13,000. She didn't have the money at the time. She ended up tapping into her husband's retirement fund, maxing out a credit card, but she did it because she felt like she wouldn't have been able to live with herself if she hadn't. Those are the headlines. Today on The Daily, the civil war in Myanmar has become one of the world's deadliest conflicts. A look at how young people there with no experience fighting are taking on the country's military dictatorship. Listen next on the New York Times playlist. I'm Tracy Mumford. We'll be back tomorrow.