 From the New York Times, it's the headlines. I'm Michael Simon Johnson. Today's Wednesday, July 10th. Here's what we're covering. You all on the same page? No. What do you mean you're not on the same page? We're not even in the same book. In Washington, top Democrats emerged from closed-door discussions yesterday deeply divided about Joe Biden's political future, but unwilling to ask him to step aside as their presidential candidate. Despite days of private fears about Biden's ability to win reelection and calls for him to prove his mental acuity to the American public, Democrats are, for now, largely falling in line behind the president. The mood on the Hill, I would say, was fairly grim among Democrats. There were a lot of lawmakers who normally are quite chatty, normally quite happy to reporters who were absolutely stone-faced and actually wouldn't say a single word to us as they left that meeting. Times congressional reporter Katie Edmondson was on Capitol Hill yesterday. In a lot of senses, the party, at least on the Hill, is pretty fractured right now. You have some very strong pockets of support from people who have been extremely forceful in supporting President Biden. That includes a number of Democratic leaders on the Hill. Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Senate Majority Leader, repeatedly said, I'm with Joe anytime he was asked about the president's fitness to serve. But you also have a number of lawmakers who privately have a lot of grave concerns about President Biden's ability to run as a strong messenger for their party at the top of the ticket who just do not feel comfortable right now coming forward and saying that he should step down or who think it would be in vain if they asked him to do that. They think that President Biden will not step aside. And so they don't want to come forward and demand it. Biden meanwhile, has repeatedly insisted he will continue his campaign. His defiant stance seems to be strategic. The longer he bats away calls for him to step down, the less time his party has to come up with an alternative candidate. And the clock is on his side. Starting Monday, the political spotlight will likely turn away from Biden to the Republican National Convention that will stretch for most of the week. Then there's just a little over a month before the Democratic National Convention, when Biden is set to become the official Democratic nominee and Democratic leaders are moving to set up a nonbinding, unofficial vote before that in a move that appears designed to lock in Biden as the party's clear pick. A new analysis from the Times has found that since Donald Trump left office, his Mar-a-Lago club has undergone a transformation. The Florida property, which has been Trump's primary residence since twenty twenty one, has become the nerve center for some of the most extreme elements of the Republican Party's right wing. Trump has owned the club for nearly four decades. And in the years before he was president, the venue was mostly a magnet for lavish galas and charity fundraisers. While Trump was in office, Mar-a-Lago saw a stream of establishment Republicans, as well as people looking for favors from the president. But the Times has found that the Mar-a-Lago calendar is now dominated by events hosted by ultra right organizations and political fundraisers. Misinformation about January 6th and the twenty twenty election have become common themes there. Sebastian Gorka, a right wing talk show host who was a White House aide to Trump, said, quote, This is where we come to recharge our batteries and to know we will retake our nation. Mar-a-Lago has also become a significant moneymaker for Trump. That's been driven in part by a massive hike in its initiation fee. In 2016, new members had to pay one hundred thousand dollars to get in. Now they have to pay six hundred thousand dollars. In southern Gaza yesterday, an Israeli airstrike killed at least 25 people and injured more than 50 others, according to Gazan health officials. The strike hit the entrance of a school building that was being used as a shelter by Palestinians displaced during the war. It's at least the fourth Israeli strike in four days to target school buildings in Gaza. In one of the strikes, Israel bombed a Catholic school where hundreds of civilians were sheltering. The Israeli military said all the strikes were aimed at killing Hamas fighters and that the latest attack was targeting a member of Hamas who took part in the October 7th attacks. According to the UN, more than 80 percent of schools in Gaza have been destroyed or severely damaged by fighting, including all 12 of Gaza's universities. Meanwhile, hopes of a ceasefire and hostage release deal have diminished in recent weeks, though talks are ongoing. A delegation of Israeli officials is headed to Qatar today for further negotiations. In New Mexico today, opening arguments will begin in the trial of actor Alec Baldwin. He's been charged with involuntary manslaughter for the death of Helena Hutchins, the cinematographer who is working on Baldwin's upcoming Western film Rust. During filming back in 2021, Baldwin was rehearsing a scene with a gun when the gun discharged with a live bullet, killing Hutchins and wounding the film's director. Baldwin has maintained that he never actually pulled the trigger and had no reason to believe the gun was loaded with live ammunition. Prosecutors have argued that Baldwin was careless in handling the gun on set and acted with, quote, willful disregard for safety. Earlier this year, the film's armorer, who was responsible for weapons on set, was sentenced to 18 months in prison for her role in the incident. When this manslaughter prosecution was first announced against Alec Baldwin, it sent shock waves through Hollywood. Times cultural reporter Julia Jacobs is in New Mexico covering the trial. Since the fatal shooting, I've been talking to people in the film and television industry about safety standards around guns on set. And typically, if there are guns on set, you'll have assigned professionals who handle weapons and ammunition. And for a lot of actors and for the Actors Union SAG-AFTRA, the job of maintaining gun safety is in the hands of those professionals. Now, some actors will choose to observe the loading of the weapon or the checking of the weapon themselves. But we've already seen a wave of some productions committing to not having real guns on sets. One of those producers is Dwayne The Rock Johnson, who after the fatal shooting said that he would only use non-functional firearms, meaning firearms that cannot shoot a live bullet under any circumstances. Now, depending on the outcome of this case, I think you might have a lot more producers and television shows and films thinking about these questions really seriously. And finally, for decades, copper and other valuable metals have been regularly stolen from public property across the US. But city officials and police tell the Times that it's now become an urban epidemic. In Las Vegas, more than 184 miles of electrical wiring have been stripped from streetlights over the past two years. In LA, nearly 300 fire hydrants have gone missing since January. And in Denver, two men were arrested earlier this year for stripping bronze artwork from a Martin Luther King Jr. monument. All this theft to sell scrap metal. That's because certain metals are in high demand, copper in particular. It's a key part of an increasingly electrified economy. It's used in everything from electric car batteries to new data centers powering artificial intelligence. The challenge for cities and states is how to actually stop this. In Minnesota, the governor has signed a law requiring licenses for people selling scrap metal to junkyards. But in Los Angeles, some city council members are trying to go after the scrap metal companies buying the stolen material instead. They say it's not fair to go after people who are likely stealing because they need the money. Those are the headlines. Today on The Daily, why UK voters rejected the Conservative Party that held power for 14 years. That's next on the New York Times playlist. I'm Michael Simon Johnson. We'll be back tomorrow.