 From the New York Times, it's the headlines. I'm Michael Simon Johnson. Today's Monday, July 8th. Here's what we're covering. — If you are told reliably from your allies, from your friends and supporters in the House and the Senate that they're concerned you're going to lose the House and the Senate if you stay in, what will you do? — I'm not going to answer that question. It's not going to happen. — Just two days after President Biden told ABC News that he was confident his allies on Capitol Hill wouldn't abandon him, his support among Democratic lawmakers appears to be slipping. House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries organized a call on Sunday with senior Democratic members of the House. He wanted to get a read on how members were feeling about Biden staying in the race. And the Times has learned that on that call, four Democrats, including Jerry Nadler of New York, said explicitly that Biden should drop out. Two others expressed concerns about his future as a candidate. While some lawmakers voiced their support for Biden, the consensus was that without a change at the top of the ticket, Democrats could lose the White House and endanger other Democratic candidates down ballot. So far, Biden has rejected calls for him to step aside. He said that only, quote, the Lord Almighty could persuade him to drop out, and he spent the weekend holding a series of campaign events. Some of his allies are pushing for him to make longer, more off-the-cuff public appearances. They say that could help Democrats regain confidence in Biden. But those kinds of unscripted moments are also likely to expose him to even more scrutiny. Meanwhile, pressure on Biden could intensify this week. Lawmakers are returning to Capitol Hill today after the Fourth of July holiday and are expected to face questions about their support for the president. In France, the far right has faced an unexpected setback as a coalition of left-wing parties surged to victory in the country's legislative elections. French President Emmanuel Macron had called the snap vote after the far right won big earlier this year in the European Parliament elections. President Macron wanted to call the bluff of the French people and say, OK, that was a European election, but are you serious? He said, OK, that was a European election, but are you serious? That was a European election, but are you serious? Turned out the French were not ready to go with a Trump-like outcome or a Brexit-like route. Roger Cohen is the Times Paris bureau chief. He says Macron's centrist coalition will now have to share power with the new majority from the left and with the far right National Rally Party, which made massive gains, but not enough to take total control. The National Rally had no seats in parliament before 2022, and it now has close to 150. It remains a party that views immigration as a dilution of French national identity and something undesirable. It was planning to tighten up the internal borders of the EU, make it more difficult for immigrants to get any social benefits, and added onto that a big focus on the millions of French families who, with inflation in recent years, are just struggling to get to the end of the month and pay their electricity and gas bills. So that was kind of the double core focus. The left took an entirely different tack and said it would make immigration for, for example, asylum seekers, much easier, and smoother process. It said that it would raise the minimum wage, partly by reintroducing a tax on the rich. In general, a policy at the opposite end of the spectrum from the right-wing anti-immigrant National Rally. What happens next is presumably a long negotiation to try to see if a functioning coalition can be put together. So this is going to be extremely difficult. Hurricane Barrel made landfall in Texas this morning, hitting the coast around 4 a.m. local time as a Category 1 storm. It's brought damaging winds and dangerous storm surge to millions of people in the state and is expected to cause significant flooding in the Houston area. Texas officials had warned that not enough people were evacuating ahead of the storm, which moved in after ripping through the Caribbean and killing at least 11 people. The National Guard and search and rescue teams have been put on standby. The impact of the storm will be felt for days, with heavy rains expected as far north as Illinois later this week. Boeing has agreed to plead guilty to a felony charge of conspiring to defraud the federal government as fallout from two fatal crashes of its 737 MAX jets continues. The planes crashed in Indonesia and Ethiopia in 2018 and 2019 when a system designed to keep them from stalling misfired. In total, 346 people were killed. In the aftermath, Boeing reached a settlement with the federal government that was designed to force significant safety changes. But the Justice Department says Boeing failed to follow through on part of that agreement involving an ethics and compliance program. As part of the plea deal, Boeing is expected to pay a $487 million fine, the maximum allowed by law, and will invest nearly $500 million in its safety and compliance programs. Families of the victims say the plea deal doesn't go far enough. A lawyer for some of the families said they want Boeing executives to stand trial and for the company to admit fault. The deal doesn't protect Boeing from charges that could come out of other investigations. That includes the ongoing criminal inquiry into the Alaska Airlines incident where a door panel blew out mid-flight. And finally, since the pandemic, Mexico City has seen its popularity surge. It's become a top destination for international tourists and for transplants who found they could work remotely, live cheaply, and eat well. That influx of foreigners, many of them coming in with valuable U.S. dollars or euros, is boosting the city economically, but also changing it. Rent prices are rising. There's more English being spoken around the city, and even the food is changing. Other countries are not used to eating as spicy as Mexicans do. Mexicans put chiles on everything, chili peppers, and businesses have had to adapt to people that aren't used to eating as spicy and can't handle the same level of spice. James Wagner covers Latin America for The Times, and he's been reporting on how some restaurants are rethinking a staple of Mexican cuisine, salsa. One of the things they've done is lowered the heat level. Another option has been to label some of the salsas on containers, telling you how spicy it is from like a one to a five chilies, so you know, even if you don't speak Spanish, how much you're gonna burn yourself. And the last alternative would be to remove the chiles entirely from the salsas, knowing that it's perhaps better for business that way. Some businesses have refused to change their salsas, keeping them spicy, because they believe that is a part of their identity, and people are coming to their land, so they need to adapt to them. And they say that when they go to visit other countries, they're not adapting their cuisines to them in reverse. The salsa debate is the latest example in a larger existential eternal question about gentrification and changing city, how to balance your culture and maintain it, while also being welcoming and adapting towards others. Those are the headlines. Today on The Daily, Adam Liptak on the Supreme Court rulings that got less attention than Donald Trump's immunity case, but could reshape American society. That's next on the New York Times playlist. I'm Michael Simon Johnson. We'll be back tomorrow.