 From the New York Times, it's the headlines. I'm Tracy Mumford. Today's Friday, June 28th. Here's what we're covering. Gentlemen, thanks so much for being here. Let's begin the debate and let's start with the issue that voters consistently say is their top concern, the economy. Joe Biden and Donald Trump faced off last night in the first presidential debate of the 2024 campaign. And Biden's performance has the Democratic Party worried. I come from Scranton, Pennsylvania. I come of household where the kitchen table, things weren't able to be met during the month, it was a problem. The price of eggs, the price of gas, the price of housing. At times, the president mumbled and meandered his way through the debate. The first 10 minutes in particular, Biden really struggled. He had a raspy voice. He struggled to recall specifics. There were sentences where he ended up losing his train of thought entirely. Times political reporter Jonathan Swan has been covering the presidential race. The thing to understand about this debate is that Biden's team, his allies, his advisors, desperately wanted him to turn in the kind of performance that would quiet and calm all of these concerns that we see in every poll about his age and his fitness for office. The debate did the exact opposite. There was a section in particular where he meandered on about COVID and it was hard to follow where he was going. And then he finished with this long pause and finally said, we finally beat Medicare. Watching the debate was a very odd experience because at the same time as I was watching it, and this is not confined to me, every reporter I know who was watching it, you know, my phone was blowing up with text messages from Democrats, senior Democrats in the party, people at the state level, people at the national level who were in outright panic about Biden's performance. Biden's own team struggled to defend his performance after the debate, with Vice President Kamala Harris acknowledging it was a, quote, slow start. That's obvious to everyone. And both privately and publicly, some Democrats are even questioning whether Biden should stay in the race. One prominent Democratic donor, Mark Buell, asked, do we have time to put somebody else in there? Meanwhile, Trump delivered a performance that his party celebrated. He's right. He did beat Medicare. He beat it to death and he's destroying Medicare because all of these people are coming in. Trump was noticeably more energetic than Biden as he attacked the president with a stream of exaggerations, misleading statements and falsehoods, including that Biden was being paid by China and that Biden encouraged Russia to attack Ukraine. But he could be a convicted felon as soon as he gets out of office. Joe could be a convicted felon with all of the things that he's done. He's done horrible things. CNN's moderators for the night did not even try to fact check Trump's claims. They focused on keeping order instead, allowing what Trump said to go unchallenged. Biden and Trump aren't scheduled to debate again until September. More than two years after the school shooting in Uvalde, Texas, the former chief of police for the school district has been criminally charged for his role in the delayed police response. Pete Arradondo was indicted yesterday for abandoning or endangering a child. He was one of the first on the scene at Robb Elementary in May of 2022 when a gunman killed 19 children and two teachers. Law enforcement waited for more than an hour before confronting and killing the gunman. That delay has been the subject of intense and painful scrutiny, as investigators have pored over video footage showing officers from multiple agencies waiting in hallways and outside the school standing around without any sense of urgency while the gunman was still in a classroom with students. A report from the Justice Department found that Arradondo's decisions delayed the response. Arradondo has said that he did not believe he was in charge of the scene. In Oklahoma, the state superintendent has issued a requirement that all public schools teach the Bible, including the Ten Commandments. The superintendent, Ryan Walters, described the Bible as an indispensable historical and cultural touchstone and a, quote, necessary historical document to teach our kids about the history of this country. The move blurs the lines between public education and religious instruction, and it's part of a broader push by conservatives to expand the presence of Christian values in public life, particularly in schools. Last week, the governor of Louisiana signed a law requiring schools to display the Ten Commandments prominently in every classroom. That's already facing a legal challenge. The Oklahoma directive likely will, too. But for some advocates, that's the point. Christian groups have been provoking lawsuits that could reach the Supreme Court. They expect they'll find more support there than they have in years past, considering the current conservative majority. In Iran, polls opened this morning for a special election to replace President Ibrahim Raisi, who died in a helicopter crash last month. Iran's supreme leader has ultimate authority over the country, but the president sets domestic policy and can influence foreign affairs, too. The country is weathering intense turmoil at the moment. Corruption and years of American sanctions have taken a toll on the economy, which is flailing. And the question of women's rights has been roiling the country since mass protests broke out over a law requiring women to wear a hijab. For the election today, all of the presidential candidates had to be approved by the Iranian government, and most have close ties to the supreme leader. That's meant many Iranians are expected to sit this election out, either in protest of how tightly controlled it is, or because they don't believe that any change will come from voting. And finally, with the 55th pick in the 2024 NBA draft, the Los Angeles Lakers select Bronnie James. Nineteen-year-old Bronnie James, the son of NBA star LeBron James, was drafted to the same team as his father last night, the Los Angeles Lakers. This will be the first time a father and son have played in the NBA at the same time, let alone on the same team. LeBron, who is 39, has talked for years about wanting to be on a team with his son. But whether or not that would actually happen has been touch and go. After Bronnie collapsed during practice at college last year, it was revealed he had a congenital heart defect, but he recovered and is now officially a Laker. This could mean the end of LeBron's absolutely epic career. He said in the past, quote, My last year will be played with my son. Those are the headlines. Today on The Daily, more on last night's presidential debate with the Russians, and the on last night's presidential debate with the runups, Astaid Herndon. Listen next on The New York Times playlist. This show is made by Jessica Metzger, Jan Stewart and me, Tracy Mumford, with help from Isabella Anderson. Original theme by Dan Powell. Special thanks to Jake Lucas, Zoe Murphy, Larissa Anderson and Paula Schuman. The headlines will be back on Monday.