 From the New York Times, it's the headlines. I'm Tracy Mumford. Today's Thursday, June 20th. Here's what we're covering. It's the first day of summer and more than 80 million people in the U.S. are under heat alerts as high temperatures continue to blanket most of the country. Temperatures were in the 90s from Illinois to Maine and the heat index topped 100 in some places. Warnings today for extreme heat risk stretch from Indianapolis to Boston. Heat waves aren't uncommon for this time of year, but they're becoming longer, hotter and more frequent. And public health officials are particularly worried that rural areas are struggling to adapt. These are areas where you have big populations of economically challenged people, a lot of elderly people, and people are just spread out. And so it's been tough to come up with a blanket solution to help out these communities. Times reporter Dionne Cerci has been speaking to officials across the country who say rural areas have a higher concentration of people with risk factors that make them vulnerable to the heat. And a lot of tools that cities use during heat waves just don't work in less populated places. A lot of techniques aimed at helping people beat the heat are aimed at big groups of people. Paramedics handing out water in places where a lot of people are gathered, subway stations, bus stations, out in front of museums where people are filtering past, swimming pools where a bunch of kids can get together and dunk themselves and cool off. But that's not the case for rural areas where people are way more spread out. I talked to a lot of experts and one in particular talked to me about how we should be treating the heat like we treat the cold. When it's cold out, utilities can't cut your heat off. There are laws against that. But when it's really hot out, there's nothing that prevents them from cutting your electricity if you can't pay your electric bill. Researchers really think that's one area to target and focus where we could help sort of remedy the situation in rural areas where people are disadvantaged. Meanwhile, southern Texas and northeastern Mexico are bracing for tropical storm Alberto, the first named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season. It's expected to make landfall this morning near Tampico, Mexico. It's already brought intense rain, storm surges and widespread coastal flooding. Some areas in its path could get as much as a foot or more of rain. NOAA, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, has predicted this summer we'll see an above-normal number of named storms. Russian President Vladimir Putin wrapped up his trip to North Korea yesterday by signing a mutual defense pledge with the country's leader, Kim Jong-un. They didn't immediately release the text of the treaty, but Putin said that it called for the countries to come to each other's aid if either of them face, quote, aggression. During the Cold War, Moscow and Pyongyang had a treaty that promised full-fledged military intervention if either of them were attacked. It's unclear if the new agreement goes that far. Still, the newly strengthened ties between Russia and North Korea continue to raise concerns in Washington, particularly when it comes to North Korea's nuclear program. Russia was once involved in helping stifle that program. Now Putin's threatening to support North Korea's ambitions. Putin is continuing his trip today with a stop in Vietnam. The country has a long history of ties to Moscow, but also has a close relationship with the U.S. as one of its biggest trading partners. Washington has criticized Vietnam for hosting Putin, saying no country should give Putin a platform to promote his war of aggression. A Times analysis of more than 30 recent polls shows that President Biden's support among women is slipping. In 2020, Biden led Trump among women by 13 percentage points. That's now down to about eight. His drop in support is particularly pronounced among Black women, according to polls from that's now down to 58. Overall, the surveys show that while abortion and democracy are key issues for some women, concerns about inflation are proving to be a bigger motivator. On that topic, Trump comes out ahead. Twice as many women say they were better off financially while Trump was in office. On Wednesday, Louisiana Governor Jeff Landry signed a bill requiring every public school classroom in the state to display the Ten Commandments. The Commandments must be in quote, large, easily readable font on a poster that's at least 11 by 14 inches. The posters will also have to feature a three paragraph statement claiming the Commandments were quote, a prominent part of American public education for almost three centuries. That echoes the arguments of supporters who say the Commandments are not just a religious document, but also a major influence on U.S. law. Louisiana is now the only state in the country that requires this, and critics, including the ACLU, have called the law unconstitutional and vowed to fight it. Supporters are ready for that. Governor Landry said quote, I can't wait to be sued. The bill is part of a broader campaign by conservative Christians to provoke lawsuits that could reach the Supreme Court. They feel they have a good shot there, as the courts become more likely to rule in favor of religious groups under Chief Justice John Roberts. Two years ago, a majority of the justices sided with a high school football coach who said he had a constitutional right to pray on the field after games. And finally, remains of what could be the oldest complete shipwreck ever discovered have been located in the Mediterranean Sea. The Israel Antiquities Authority announced the find today, saying that it's a merchant vessel that sank sometime between 1400 and 1300 B.C. So basically, the ship is old enough to have been around for King Tut's reign. The first sign of the wreck came last summer from a company doing research for natural gas drilling. About 50 miles off the coast of Israel, cameras on an underwater remotely operated vehicle caught sight of a pile of jugs on the seafloor. They were later identified as jars designed to hold things like honey and olive oil. That piqued officials' interest, and last month they were able to confirm that there's an intact ship from the Bronze Age, half buried in sediment there, essentially a time capsule. One of the antiquities experts said, quote, The ship is preserved at such a great depth that time has frozen since the moment of disaster. Almost everything we know about how trade worked in the Bronze Age, like how far people traveled and who traded with who, comes from studying previous shipwrecks. Authorities plan to leave the wreck where it is for now, waiting for better technology to fully excavate it. Those are the headlines. Today on The Daily, a look at the mysterious study helping to strengthen gun rights around the country and the person behind that study. Listen next on the New York Times playlist. I'm Tracy Mumford. We'll be back tomorrow.