 From the New York Times, it's the headlines. I'm Tracy Mumford. Today's Tuesday, July 2nd. Here's what we're covering. This nation was founded on the principle that there are no kings in America. Each, each of us is equal before the law. In a speech at the White House last night, President Biden railed against the Supreme Court decision on presidential immunity, calling it a dangerous precedent. This decision today has continued the court's attack in recent years on a wide range of long established legal principles in our nation. In its 6-3 decision, split on partisan lines, the court vastly expanded presidential power and ruled that Donald Trump is entitled to substantial immunity on charges of trying to overturn the 2020 election. The ruling doesn't immediately invalidate the charges against Trump, but it does narrow them, complicating the case. And it's now nearly guaranteed that Trump will not go on trial before the election. That is important if for no other reason, because should Trump win the election, he will be in a position to make the federal election interference case go away simply by trying to have his Justice Department drop the entire case. Alan Foyer has been covering the case. He says how things move forward hinges on the question of which of Trump's actions were official and which were unofficial. Official acts could be covered by immunity, according to the court's ruling. And the Supreme Court has sent the task of determining what was official and what was not down to the original federal judge in the case, Judge Tanya Chutkin. One of the caveats here is that Trump will be able to appeal any decision that Judge Chutkin makes on this question of official act, non-official acts. And so those decisions could make their way back up to the Supreme Court, which will not only take more time, but will also put the justices in the ultimate decision-making seat to decide sort of what in this indictment of Trump will eventually survive. Just hours after the Supreme Court handed down its immunity decision, Trump's legal team moved to apply it to a different case. His conviction in New York related to covering up hush money payments made to Stormy Daniels. His team asked the judge in that case for permission to challenge the verdict based on the Supreme Court's ruling. It could be a long shot since that case centered on actions Trump took while he was a candidate, not president. Trump is scheduled to be sentenced for his 34 felony convictions next week. It's unclear if his lawyers' arguments will now delay that. Meanwhile, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'s campaign for the presidency is facing serious financial problems. The campaign has been making an expensive, time-consuming, state-by-state push to try and get the independent candidate on the ballot. That requires gathering thousands of signatures and submitting petitions to local officials. So far, Kennedy's name will be on the ballot in just seven states in November, and the effort has drained the campaign. It's laid off staff and slashed funding for campaign stops. Kennedy's public calendar right now lists just one upcoming in-person event. A spokeswoman for the campaign declined to comment about the financial troubles. The cash crunch comes despite an infusion of money from Kennedy's running mate, Nicole Shanahan, a former Silicon Valley lawyer who has put more than $10 million into the campaign. Polls suggest that the Kennedy-Shanahan ticket could draw voters away from both Biden and Trump. But Democrats have been more openly worried about losing votes to them. The Democratic National Committee has backed or coordinated court challenges to Kennedy's ballot access in at least three states. The Times has learned that Israel's top generals want a ceasefire in Gaza, even if that means Hamas remains in power there for the time being. This reflects a major shift in the military's thinking over the past few months. According to interviews with Israeli security officials, the generals have multiple concerns. They feel a truce is the best way to rescue the remaining hostages held by Hamas. They're concerned about how things are escalating outside Gaza, at the Israel-Lebanon border. The militant group Hezbollah has been stepping up its attacks there, and the Israeli generals are worried their troops don't have the resources to fight both Hezbollah and Hamas. And they're also not convinced eliminating Hamas is even possible. After nine months of war, Israeli officials believe there are still thousands of Hamas fighters in Gaza, hidden in tunnels. The generals' interest in an immediate ceasefire widens the rift between the military and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Netanyahu hasn't publicly presented any plans for post-war Gaza, and has insisted the war must continue until Hamas is wiped out. That's frustrated the generals, who are concerned it could leave them fighting a forever war. And finally... I want to make it very clear that Bush and Sonny are not stranded in space. Our plan is to continue to return them on Starliner and return them home. Two NASA astronauts who took off from Earth on June 5th have had another change in plans. Bush Wilmore and Sonny Williams were the first astronauts to ride the Boeing Starliner to the International Space Station. The Starliner made it to the ISS successfully, a major test for Boeing. The company's been trying to catch up with SpaceX, which has already been partnering with NASA for spaceflights. NASA said the astronauts would stay at the station until at least June 14th. Then that got extended, and extended again. Some of the jets used to maneuver the Starliner behaved oddly, and the mission managers don't fully understand what caused the problem. The astronauts could be up there for at least several more weeks, but NASA and Boeing both say, nobody's stuck, nobody's in danger, they're just taking their time to study the Starliner. Those are the headlines. Today on The Daily, Time's Supreme Court reporter Adam Liptak has more on the court's immunity ruling and how it transforms the power of the American presidency. Listen next on the New York Times playlist. I'm Tracy Mumford. The show will be back tomorrow with my colleague Michael Simon Johnson, who will be bringing you the headlines for the next two weeks.