 From the New York Times, it's the headlines. I'm Tracy Mumford. Today's Tuesday, June 18th. Here's what we're covering. Today President Biden is set to announce new protections for hundreds of thousands of migrants who've been living in the U.S. illegally, but who are married to U.S. citizens. The new policy will shield them from deportation, provide them with work permits, and give them a path to citizenship. Biden's set to announce the plan at a ceremony marking the 12th anniversary of another key immigration policy, DACA, which protects people who came to the U.S. as children from being deported. This is a massive announcement, the biggest since DACA for undocumented individuals in the United States. The administration estimates that upwards of more than 500,000 people could potentially be eligible. The New York Times reporter Hamad Ali-Aziz is covering the policy, which will only apply to those who've been in the country for at least 10 years and who do not have a criminal record. Marrying an American usually offers a pathway to becoming a citizen, but only if you arrive with a visa. Right now, people who cross the U.S.-Mexico border illegally have to go back to their home countries to apply for a green card, which can take years. The new program will allow them to wait in the U.S. during the process. This comes just within two weeks since the Biden administration announced this tough measure at the southern border, banning asylum for people who cross without authorization. But at the same time, we've already seen this administration be a bit more progressive for people who are already here. It'll be interesting to see how voters react to this measure. And I think the administration will really be emphasizing that, you know, these are people who are married to U.S. citizens. These are people who have been in the country for a long time. And the administration really sees this as a way to help keep families unified and really support this community. A potentially record breaking heat wave is continuing to bake the United States. The National Weather Service is warning that Iowa to Ohio will feel the worst of it today, but it's headed for the East Coast, where Boston and New York have already put emergency plans in place. Meanwhile, dozens of environmental, labor, and health groups are asking FEMA to think about heat the same way it thinks about floods and tornadoes. The groups have filed a petition asking FEMA to amend its rules so that heat waves can be declared major disasters. That could unlock federal money, which the groups say could pay for water distribution, increased electricity costs, and also get funds to communities to build cooling centers. The petition asks FEMA to also categorize wildfire smoke as a major disaster, which could help fund things like air filtration in schools. Over the years, FEMA has denied several similar requests. Extreme heat and smoke are not explicitly listed as causes the federal government can cite for declaring an emergency. But neither is a pandemic, and FEMA did declare COVID a disaster. The groups say they'll take the issue to the courts if FEMA denies their request. Russian President Vladimir Putin is headed to North Korea today to meet with the country's leader Kim Jong-un. Their relationship has become tighter over the last few years because Russia needs what North Korea has, namely a large stockpile of weapons to keep Russia's war effort going in Ukraine. Putin's expected to arrive in the next few hours. We've already seen some footage from Pyongyang about the fanfare that awaits him. There are pictures of Putin lying the streets. There are posters welcoming him. This is the first time he's coming there in 24 years. It's an extremely big deal for North Korea. And so I think the level of fanfare is going to be commensurate with that. Paul Sony covers Russia for the Times. He says the relationship has already clearly benefited Moscow. South Korean and American officials have tracked millions of artillery shells being shipped from North Korea to Russia. And Ukrainian officials have found at least 50 North Korean ballistic missiles that Russia used on the battlefield. On its part, Russia has supplied North Korea with food and manufacturing parts and could help to boost North Korea's military ambitions. I think it's particularly concerning for Washington because Washington had been leading an effort to try to curb Kim Jong-un's ability to get more sophisticated missiles and nuclear weapons. Russia, over various points in history, was participating in that effort and was voting for UN embargoes and actually was helpful in some ways in trying to curb that program. That is all now gone. Now the relationship between Russia and North Korea is very much focused on how Russia can get what it needs for its war in Ukraine and what Kim Jong-un and North Korea can get in return. In Thailand, lawmakers voted today to approve a marriage equality bill, which puts the country on the path to being the first in Southeast Asia to legalize same-sex marriage. The legislation still needs to move through some procedural reviews and be endorsed by the country's king, but that's widely expected to happen. The vote underscores Thailand's status as one of the few relative havens for gay couples in Asia. Several Asian countries have taken steps recently to criminalize gay sex, like Indonesia did in 2022. Thailand's marriage equality bill was a long time in the making. The first version was introduced over 20 years ago. And finally, the U.S. has halted all inspections of avocados coming into the country from Mexico, a major interruption considering 80 percent of avocados that Americans buy come from Mexico. U.S. officials said security concerns prompted the shutdown. They didn't specify what those concerns were, but the Mexican state of Michoacan, where most of the avocados are grown, has been caught in a brutal turf war between drug cartels. The cartels are trying to muscle their way into the lucrative avocado trade. Mexico exports $3.2 billion worth of avocados every year. This is not the first time U.S. inspections have been halted. In 2022, they were stopped after a U.S. safety inspector was threatened. The imports resumed after Mexico put additional safety measures in place. The USDA says it's working to get the inspections going again as soon as possible. Those are the headlines. Today on The Daily, the families of victims in the Uvalde School shooting are searching for accountability, a look at their new tactic, suing a popular video game, a gun manufacturer, and Instagram. Listen next on the New York Times playlist. I'm Tracy Mumford. We'll be back tomorrow.