 From the New York Times, it's the headlines. I'm Tracy Mumford. Today is Friday, June 14th. Here's what we're covering. The Supreme Court is working its way through the remaining cases of this term. And Thursday, two key decisions came down. In one of the most watched cases of the year, the justices unanimously ruled to maintain access to a widely used abortion pill. Anti-abortion groups had tried to challenge the FDA's approval of Mifepristone, but you have to have a direct stake in a dispute to sue. Ultimately, the justices found the plaintiffs lacked that, since they don't prescribe or use the drug themselves. Justice Brett Kavanaugh wrote, quote, a plaintiff's desire to make a drug less available for others does not establish standing to sue. Also on Thursday, the court issued a ruling on a key labor dispute. It ruled in favor of Starbucks in a case that began when the company fired seven workers who were trying to unionize. The Supreme Court's ruling will make it more difficult for the National Labor Relations Board to intervene in the future when a company is accused of suppressing labor organizing. Still to come from the court are major rulings on how cities can handle homelessness, on disinformation on social media, and crucially on Donald Trump's claim that presidents have immunity for official actions they take while in office. The court could release more decisions this morning. All of them will be handed down later this month or by early July. Well, thank you very much. This was a great meeting. There's tremendous unity in the Republican Party. We want to see borders. We want to see... Donald Trump was in Washington, D.C. yesterday to meet with Republican lawmakers from the House and Senate. And the former president got a very warm reception from his party, even from those who used to hold back. Trump's meetings on Thursday were the starkest example yet of how establishment Republicans who once distanced themselves from Trump after January 6th have accepted his potential return to office. Luke Broadwater was on Capitol Hill covering the meetings, which included a lot of early birthday cheering for Trump, who turned 78 today. What we saw was a bit of fetting of the former president. House Republicans presented him with a baseball bat and a baseball from their winning game against the congressional Democrats. The night before, they cheered for him and rallied around him. Senate Republicans did much the same in the afternoon. They got him a cake and sang happy birthday to him. Even Mitch McConnell, who hadn't talked to Trump since 2020 and had been in a long running rift with the former president, exchanged a fist bump with Donald Trump. And I think this all shows that after years of hoping that someone else might step up and lead their party, establishment Republicans, even the leadership of the Senate, have accepted that the GOP is Trump's party. And there's only one way that they can move forward in this election year. And that is with support of Donald Trump. Meanwhile, Trump's off the cuff remarks in the closed door meetings that he had with Republicans ended up spreading widely. He reportedly complained that Taylor Swift would support President Biden over him. And while the exact wording is unclear, he disparaged the city of Milwaukee for its crime rate. The Republican National Convention will be held in Milwaukee next month. The Times has learned that some recently manufactured jets from Boeing and Airbus have components made with counterfeit titanium. The pieces, which were sold to the companies by the supplier Spirit Aero Systems, were made from metal that had fake documentation about its authenticity. The FAA is investigating the scope of the problem and trying to determine the short and long term safety implications. The problem came to light when a supplier noticed small holes in the material due to corrosion. Both Boeing and Airbus have said that their tests so far show no signs of problems. The story of exactly how things went wrong with this titanium touches on companies in China, Italy, Turkey, and the United States. Experts say the issue illustrates the potential vulnerabilities of the complex global supply chain used to make modern airplanes. Hey guys, I just want to start off by saying hot damn I love you guys. Tesla CEO Elon Musk won a key vote of confidence this week after shareholders approved a $45 billion dollar pay package for him. The package, which is made up of stock options, has been in jeopardy. It was put in place years ago, but then voided by a judge after some shareholders sued, saying it was excessive. Tesla's board is hoping the vote will persuade the judge to reinstate it. The whole exercise is a question of how much shareholders trust Musk to lead Tesla. The company's been struggling in recent months with declining sales and its stock price is down more than 25% this year. When you look at Tesla, there's just a huge divide between the people who believe that Elon Musk is a genius, that he's essential to the company, and that he absolutely had to stay at all costs against the people who feel that he's overpaid, that the company is much too dependent on him, and that there are really no checks on his behavior. Jack Ewing covers the electric car industry, Tesla, and Elon Musk. He's definitely alienated a lot of buyers and potential buyers with his statements on X, the social platform he owns. He's been getting friendly with Donald Trump. He's been endorsing right-wing conspiracy theories, and that's definitely had an effect on sales because the fact is most people who buy electric cars are Democrats. Another complaint about him is that he's doing too many things. He's running Tesla, but he's also running SpaceX. He's spending a lot of time on X, and he's got several other businesses, and a lot of shareholders wanted to see some guarantee that he was going to focus on Tesla, which really needs help at the moment. Jack says the shareholder vote shows that despite those concerns, a majority still think Musk should be rewarded for his work at Tesla. Most of them seem to believe in him and have faith that he's going to lead the company in the right direction. I think investors will be watching to see whether he really does focus more on Tesla, or maybe he takes this as validation that everything he's doing is fine and it doesn't change his behavior. And finally, when New York legalized recreational cannabis in 2021, shops selling pot, THC gummies, vapes, and other products started appearing en masse, but most of them did not have a license. So over the last three years, we've seen thousands of shops pop up basically anywhere they can get a store, and the smell just seems to be everywhere in a lot of places. And that has fueled a bunch of complaints because it feels like there's a lawlessness to them, and no one is doing anything about it. Times reporter Ashley Southall covers cannabis legalization in New York. She says at one point, officials estimated there were nearly 3,000 unlicensed shops in New York City compared to just 62 that did have a license. She says the shops spread because there was a lot of confusion over what the law allowed and because law enforcement hesitated on how to handle them. Arresting people for cannabis has long been out of vogue in New York City. So one of the things that the city has been reluctant to do is to sort of repeat that imagery of the war on drugs, where you're carrying people out in handcuffs over and over again for a drug that is legal in the state. But now the city is cracking down. The sheriff's office was given the power to declare the shops an imminent threat to the public. And in roughly the last month, a special task force has shut down over 300 stores, seized more than $10 million in merchandise, and issued $20 million in fines. The city is making a really aggressive push now to shut these shops down, but it's unclear how far they'll get. There's already a lawsuit challenging this strategy as unconstitutional because these shops are being closed before they have their day in court. The other thing is these shops are the end of a long pipeline that extends to other states, involves products that are counterfeit and also involves organized crime. And so they're just beginning to sort of peel back the layers and figure out who's behind them, who's supplying them. And that's going to take a lot of work and a lot of time. Those are the headlines. Today on The Daily, how far would you go to retire early? The bold moves that some Americans are making to get there. Listen next on The New York Times playlist. This show is made by Davis Land, Jessica Metzger, Jan Stewart, and me, Tracy Mumford, with help from Isabella Anderson. Original theme by Dan Powell, special thanks to Larissa Anderson and Paula Schuman. The headlines will be back on Monday.