 From the New York Times, it's the headlines. I'm Tracy Mumford. Today's Wednesday, June 26th. Here's what we're covering. The trial of journalist Evan Gershkovich started this morning in Russia. For the past 15 months, the Wall Street Journal reporter has been held in an infamous Moscow prison after he was detained by Russian authorities and accused of espionage. Gershkovich, who's an American citizen, is the first Western journalist to be charged with spying in Russia since the Soviet era. He faces up to 20 years in prison. The Russian government has not provided any public evidence to support their accusations, and both the US State Department and the journal have vehemently denied the charges. The paper's publisher said, quote, We think that this is a sham trial based on fake charges. Therefore, the proceedings will be farcical. The trial has been declared secret by Russian authorities, which means that outside observers aren't allowed in, and Gershkovich's lawyers can't reveal anything about what happens. Gershkovich is widely expected to be found guilty since Russian courts rarely acquit defendants. Russian President Vladimir Putin said earlier this year that he would be open to a prisoner swap, and a senior Russian diplomat told the Times that negotiations are ongoing. After today, Gershkovich's next session in court won't be until August 13th, according to Russian state media. Kenya's capital city was rocked by riots yesterday, as thousands of people filled the streets to protest higher taxes. Police responded with a brutal crackdown. According to Amnesty International, at least five people were killed. There was a lot of stones being thrown, there was tear gas being lobbed, shots were ringing in the air, there was a lot of scramble. Times reporter Abdi Latif Tahir was at the protests in Nairobi. And then protesters were able to get to the parliament building itself. They breached it, they climbed over its walls, fires were started at the main wall of the parliament, and then before you knew it, you had dozens of people in the parliament building, which is an unprecedented event in Kenya's history. The chaos broke out after lawmakers in parliament signed a new bill to raise taxes. The government says it's necessary to pay off Kenya's crippling debts, and to pay for things like teacher salaries. Many critics say it will raise the price of basics like eggs and cooking oil, and also the cost of phone bills and data plans. The protesters, who are mostly young people, said it's the opposite of what Kenya's President William Ruto promised them when he ran for office, vowing to bring down the cost of living. People from the onset had been agitating against this bill. And what you would start seeing like on social media is that a lot of people would share their pay slips and be like, this is how much I earn. If this bill passes, this is how much, you know, I'm going to remain with at the end of the day. And that's not going to be able to sustain me or my family or the other dependents that I have. And so a lot of young people this morning are saying that they're not going to back off. And the fact that the Kenyan military is now in the streets of the country also doesn't well, both for Kenya and for President Ruto, because, you know, for so long, Kenya likes to project that it's an anchor of stability in this region, which has had a lot of coups, a lot of dictators, a lot of civil wars. And so the next few days or the next few weeks, rather, also will be very interesting to see how President Ruto is going to balance the need to deal with Kenya's economic problems, but also how he responds to young people. President Ruto has already signaled that he's prepared to push back against any additional protests. In remarks last night, he denounced the uproar as treason. I assure the nation that the government has mobilized all resources to ensure that a situation of this nature will not recur again at whatever cost. This race was never about me and me alone. It was never about this district and this district alone. It was always about all of us. In New York last night, Representative Jamal Bowman lost his Democratic primary in a stunning defeat for progressives. The primary race centered on the war in Gaza. Bowman has been a vocal critic of Israel, calling for a ceasefire since the first days of the war. Pro-Israel groups, including AIPAC, ended up spending more than $16 million to defeat him, making it the most expensive House primary in American history. The winner of the primary, George Latimer, swept up moderates and Jewish voters in the district, which has one of the highest concentrations of Jewish residents in the country. Bowman was part of the so-called squad in Congress, the group of young left-wing lawmakers of color who gained prominence in 2020. He's now the first member of that group to lose a seat, and he may not be the last. AIPAC voters appear to be swinging back towards the center, and pro-Israel groups are already targeting another member of the squad, Representative Cori Bush, ahead of her primary in Missouri in August. Today, President Biden is expected to pardon roughly 2,000 American veterans who were convicted under an old military code that outlawed gay sex. The code was in place from 1951 until it was repealed in 2013, and it made it a crime to engage in quote, unnatural carnal copulation. Some veterans convicted under the code were dishonorably discharged, which meant they lost pay and benefits. Biden's proclamation says today's move is an effort to address a historic wrong, and that the service members had been convicted quote, simply for being themselves. White House officials say that once the pardons are issued, the veterans will be able to apply to get their discharge status changed, which could help them get benefits they were denied. And finally, the judge in Donald Trump's hush money case has loosened the gag order on the former president. Trump is now free to publicly criticize witnesses who testified against him, including his former fixer Michael Cohen. He can also complain about the jurors in the case, though he can't reveal their names. And after Trump is sentenced on July 11th, he'll also be able to criticize prosecutors and their relatives. During his trial, in which he was found guilty of 34 felony counts, Trump was ordered not to do any of that, though he broke that order several times. In yesterday's ruling, Judge Juan Marchand wrote that quote, it would be this court's strong preference to extend those protections. But he said he felt the law required him to drop them. Trump celebrated that the gag order has been relaxed just in time for his debate against President Biden tomorrow, when he's expected to have an audience of millions. He wrote in a fundraising note, I'm finally free to talk about the rigged trial that convicted me in New York. Those are the headlines. Today on The Daily, a look at French President Emmanuel Macron's risky gamble to call a snap election this week where the far right could gain power. Listen next on the New York Times playlist. I'm Tracy Mumford. We'll be back tomorrow.