 From the New York Times, it's the headlines. I'm Tracy Mumford. Today is Monday, June 17th. Here's what we're covering. Millions of Americans will face sweltering conditions this week as a heat wave takes hold of the whole eastern half of the United States. Rising temperatures hit the south over the weekend. They're stretching into the Midwest today, and they're expected to hit the East Coast by tomorrow. The National Weather Service is warning of extreme heat risk stretching from Iowa to Maine. It could potentially be the longest heat wave some places have experienced in decades. The Midwest and Northeast are expected to see temperatures in the 90s, but along with humidity it could feel as hot as 105. Globally, the average temperature has broken records every month for the last 12 months. June could make it 13. The announcement of a very limited pause in fighting in southern Gaza has sparked skepticism and confusion. The Israeli military said Sunday that it is pausing fighting during daylight hours along a route that starts from the Karim Shalom border crossing. Israel says the goal is to allow more humanitarian aid into Gaza, and said more than a thousand aid trucks had crossed at Karim Shalom and were waiting to be unloaded. But aid groups say they don't have the exact details about the route or how far it extends, and they say Israel's military operations in southern Gaza have made distributing food and other supplies nearly impossible. The flow of aid into Gaza has declined sharply in the last few weeks, and people there are facing catastrophic hunger, according to the UN. Meanwhile, inside Israel, the announcement of the pause was met with confusion when Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu seemed to insinuate that he didn't know about the plan at first. The military later clarified this is not a total pause in fighting, and the fighting in the city of Rafa, not far from the specified route, will continue. The potential for a longer, more widespread ceasefire remains uncertain. Representatives of nearly 90 countries gathered in Switzerland over the weekend to discuss the war in Ukraine, and potential diplomatic solutions to ending the fighting. Ukraine's President Vladimir Zelensky was there, while Russia was not invited. In the talks, getting down to specifics proved difficult. More than 80 countries signed on to a statement calling for, quote, dialogue between all parties as a means of ending the war with Russia. But the thing is, it was very much unclear what that dialogue was supposed to look like. Times reporter Anton Troianovsky was at the summit. He says Zelensky made clear that he's still opposed to any negotiations that would require Ukraine to give up territory. At the same time, there were a number of other countries here that were calling for negotiations and calling for compromise. And that included countries like Saudi Arabia, South Africa, India, the United Arab Emirates that expressed some unhappiness that Russia wasn't even invited to this summit. So this summit really showed how far apart opinion is globally around Ukraine. And it was a reminder that while the Western Alliance, Europe and the United States and Canada, while they're very much behind Ukraine, so many other countries around the world take a very different perspective. The U.S. Surgeon General Vivek Murthy is calling for a warning label on social media platforms that would say using social media might damage teenagers' mental health. In an op-ed for the Times, Murthy pointed to a study which found that teens who spent more than three hours a day on social media had a higher risk of mental health problems. The label would be similar to those put on alcohol or cigarettes. When they were put on cigarette packs, the labels helped kick off a 50-year decline in smoking. Murthy doesn't have the power to unilaterally require a label like this. Congress needs to approve it, and at the moment there's no legislation in either house to do so. In the op-ed, Murthy acknowledged that the effects of social media on teen mental health aren't fully understood yet. Experts say that while the use of social media has coincided with a rise in depression and anxiety, there's no evidence one caused the other. Research suggests social media can offer risks, but also some benefits, including a sense of community for kids who might otherwise feel marginalized. But Murthy said parents should still begin setting limits immediately, saying, quote, And finally, Broadway's biggest night went very well for some big stars. At the Tonys, actors who've made their name in film and television won for their theatrical turns. Jeremy Strong, aka Succession's eldest boy, won for his turn in An Enemy of the People. Sarah Paulson of American Horror Story won for her role in Appropriate. And Daniel Radcliffe, who came of age as Harry Potter, won his first Tony for Stephen Sondheim's Merrily We Roll Along. In a true comeback story, Merrily We Roll Along used to be considered one of the biggest flops in Broadway history. It closed 12 days after it opened in 1981, with terrible reviews and audiences walking out. Last night, it had its moment of redemption when it won Best Musical Revival. Those are the headlines. Today on The Daily, a look at the Southern Baptist decision to oppose in vitro fertilization treatments and what it could mean for the rest of the country. Listen next on the New York Times playlist. I'm Tracy Mumford. We'll be back tomorrow.