 From the New York Times, it's the headlines. I'm Michael Simon Johnson. Today's Tuesday, July 9th. Here's what we're covering. In Washington today, world leaders are arriving for the start of the 75th NATO summit. The gathering of Western allies will be held just blocks from the White House, in the same room where the NATO treaty was signed at the beginning of the Cold War. Looming over this year's meeting, the war in Ukraine. Ukraine's president, Volodymyr Zelensky, will attend the summit, where he's expected to press NATO leaders to let his country into the alliance. NATO members pledge to defend each other when they come under attack. Negotiations about how and when Ukraine could join have been underway for months. NATO leaders are expected to declare Ukraine's eventual inclusion, quote, irreversible, but they don't want to risk direct involvement in the war while it's ongoing. Just yesterday, Russia launched one of its deadliest assaults on Kiev, hitting the country's largest children's hospital. The attack came as American officials tell the Times that on the front lines, the momentum of the war has shifted. U.S. officials say Russia is not going to be making significant grabs of Ukrainian territory in the months to come. Julian Barnes covers international security for the Times. It's largely because the Western aid, the U.S. military supplies, are flowing once more to Ukraine. And Ukraine has used this to deepen their defenses, to rebuild their air defenses, to lay new mines, to dig new trenches. Now that's good news for Ukraine, but it's not uniformly good news. Ukraine itself is not in a position right now to take back the territory Russia has taken. Julian says that while Ukrainian officials still insist their goal is to take back their land from Russia, U.S. officials think that some of that territory will be impossible to get back and that Ukraine is now primarily fighting to prove itself to NATO and join the alliance. That could allow it to claim a different kind of victory, closer ties to Europe and the West. This week's NATO summit was supposed to be a show of strength, not only toward Russia, but also for the host of the gathering, President Biden. Instead, the president is facing a swirl of doubts about his capabilities, including from high ranking members of his own party who are pressuring him to drop his run for reelection. On Monday, though, Biden was defiant and he pushed back in a series of statements and calls throughout the day. In the morning, he sent a strongly worded letter to Democratic lawmakers saying he was the clear winner of the Democratic primary process and is staying in the race. And presumptive Democratic nominee Joe Biden calling in right now. Good morning, sir. Hey, make it more than presumptive. I'm going to be the Democratic nominee. Biden then called into MSNBC's morning Joe and defied his critics to challenge him at the upcoming Democratic National Convention. But then he dies. I don't think I should run against me. Go announce the president. Challenge me at the convention. Later, Biden had a private call with some of his campaign's top donors, where he told them, quote, I am not going anywhere. And Biden got public support from some of his allies in Congress. Right now, President Biden is the Democratic nominee. I will support him. I support President Joe Biden in the Democratic ticket. My position has not changed. Joe Biden is our nominee. He is not leaving this race. He is in this race and I support him. But the debate about Biden's political future is expected to heat up on Capitol Hill today. Both Democratic senators and representatives are holding internal meetings and Biden's candidacy will likely be the central topic of discussion. Meanwhile, on Monday, the White House faced intense questions over transparency around the president's health. The Times and other outlets learned that a doctor from Walter Reed Medical Center, who's an expert on Parkinson's disease, visited the White House eight times in eight months starting last summer. Very clearly, yes or no, was that expert here to participate in anything surrounding the care of the president? So let me just say a couple of things. In a White House briefing, press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre was asked to confirm the visits and the doctor's name, but refused, citing security and privacy concerns. To give you some answers here, has the president been treated for Parkinson's? No. Is he being treated for Parkinson's? No, he's not. Is he taking medication for Parkinson's? No. So those are the things that I can give you full blown answers on, but I'm not going to confirm a specialist, any specialist that comes to the White House out of privacy. Last night, the official White House physician, Kevin O'Connor, said in a statement that Biden did meet with the Parkinson's expert three times last year, but only in the context of his normal physical exams. He implied that the expert's White House visits were primarily to treat other White House employees. After Biden's most recent physical in February, the White House released a summary of the checkup, which said that there was no evidence of Parkinson's, stroke, or other neurological disorders. One week before the Republican National Convention, Donald Trump has signaled his approval of a new party platform. The proposed platform, which mirrors Trump's own campaign priorities, cements his ideological takeover of the GOP. It's more nationalistic and more protectionist than Republican platforms during Trump's previous presidential campaigns. The document spells out a hardline immigration policy that includes mass deportations. It describes a trade policy that would put new tariffs on most imports. And it says federal power should be used to roll back policies that were put in place by what it describes as radical Democrats. The platform is also less socially conservative than before. References to traditional marriage between one man and one woman have been stripped out. And the Times has learned that Trump was particularly focused on softening the language around abortion. He sees the issue as his biggest vulnerability heading into the election. And the platform no longer includes mention of a federal abortion ban. Instead, it says abortion law should be handled by the states. Members of the Republican National Committee will vote on the final platform during the convention in Milwaukee. And finally, when it comes to diagnosing autism, doctors have long relied on their professional observations, as well as on parents' descriptions of their child's behavior. But a new study published this week bolsters a growing body of research that points to what could be a more objective way of diagnosing the condition, looking at the microbiome of the gut. Researchers in Hong Kong analyzed more than 1,600 stool samples from children and found distinct biological markers in the samples of autistic children. There were unique traces of bacteria, fungi, and viruses, biomarkers that could become the basis for a diagnostic tool that would allow doctors to diagnose autism much earlier. This idea that the gut microbiome might play a role in the development of autism is still controversial among researchers. Some argue that the study may have it backwards. Autistic children are more likely to be fussy eaters, thereby changing the makeup of their microbiome. And the scientists behind the new study acknowledge themselves that more work needs to be done. Still, they say they're hopeful that research like this will ultimately make autism more measurable, quantifiable, and treatable. Those are the headlines. Today, on The Daily, more on the war in Ukraine and how the battlefield has become a testing ground for artificial intelligence and for autonomous weapons. Listen next on the New York Times playlist. I'm Michael Simon Johnson. We'll be back tomorrow.