 From the New York Times, it's the headlines. I'm Tracy Mumford. Today's Thursday, June 27th. Here's what we're covering. Today tens of millions of Americans are expected to tune in to watch Joe Biden and Donald Trump on stage in Atlanta for the first debate of the 2024 presidential campaign. It will also be the first time Biden and Trump have been in the same room together since October 2020, the last time they debated. Their past matchups have been chaotic. Biden and Trump have taken digs at each other and talked over each other constantly to the point that moderators could barely cut in. Tonight will be different, at least logistically. The Biden and Trump campaigns struck a deal that goes around the commission on presidential debates, which had coordinated the event for decades, and instead laid out some of their own rules for how the debate will work. The biggest change that viewers will notice is that the candidates' microphones will be muted when it's not their turn to speak to make for a clearer, less chaotic debate where the candidates can't talk over one another. Times media correspondent Michael Grimbaum is in Atlanta for the debate, which is being run by CNN. Another big change from debates past is that there will be no live audience inside the debate room when it happens. This will actually be the first general election presidential debates since the Kennedy-Nixon debates in 1960 to not have any audience in the room. And for politicians who are used to feeding off a crowd, reacting to them, getting cheers or jeers, this is really going to make a difference. It could especially affect Donald Trump, who in the past has tried to turn debates and televised town halls into sort of versions of the campaign rallies that he holds around the country. These changes mean the debate is going to look and feel different from presidential debates in the past, and everybody will be finding out in real time how that changes the dynamic between them. Meanwhile, Trump has invited a parade of potential running mates to come to Atlanta for the debate. His VP pool is still wide, but the Times has learned his current favorites are North Dakota Governor Doug Burgum and Senators JD Vance and Marco Rubio. Trump has asked them to be on hand tonight to defend his debate performance in front of the media. It's part of an increasingly theatrical run-up to an official pick, which Trump's team has hinted is imminent. Some of the VP contenders will be on Fox News this week for interviews alongside their significant others in what is effectively a casting call for the role. At the Supreme Court, the justices handed down several notable decisions yesterday as the court closes out one of its most consequential terms in recent memory. First was a major victory for the Biden administration. A group of Republican attorneys general and other conservative plaintiffs had sued the White House over its efforts to get social media platforms to take down posts about election fraud and coronavirus vaccines. The justices ruled the plaintiffs didn't have standing to bring that case, though, because they hadn't shown it directly affected them. In the second notable decision of the day, the court's conservative majority limited the reach of a law meant to stop corruption in government. The case hinged on whether state and local officials can accept gifts and payments as a reward for their actions. The court ultimately said that while bribes given before an official act are inherently corrupt, rewards given after the fact are legal. This ruling follows several others from the court in recent years that have similarly limited the reach of anti-corruption laws. Also, on Wednesday, there was a bit of a fake-out on another key ruling. What appeared to be the court's opinion on an abortion case was posted to the court's website and then quickly taken down. Bloomberg News captured it while it was up. And based on what was posted, the justices appear poised to temporarily allow emergency abortions in Idaho when a woman's health is at risk, despite the state's near-total ban on the procedure. The official ruling could actually be released as soon as this morning, when more decisions from the court are expected to be handed down. To the people of Kenya who have said loudly that they want nothing to do with this Finance Bill 2024, I concede... One day after a massive protest and a bloody crackdown, Kenya's President William Ruto backed off from the tax hike that sparked the uproar. The government had said the proposed law was needed to pay off Kenya's enormous debt. But many Kenyans were outraged that it would have raised taxes on basic goods and food, and thousands of people filled the streets in the capital city of Nairobi. Police fired tear gas and guns into the crowd, and human rights groups say roughly two dozen people were killed in what was one of the country's most violent days in recent history. And finally, ever since the pandemic completely upended the global supply chain, companies have been re-examining where they make their products, add in the rising tensions over trade between the U.S. and China, and many American companies are looking for new overseas options for manufacturing. Now, a growing number are looking to India. So I spent a couple weeks in India. I visited factories around Delhi and east into Uttar Pradesh and down in Mumbai. And the sense I got is that multinational companies really are now giving India a serious look. I mean, Walmart alone is looking to triple the products it's buying from Indian factories from about $3 billion a year now to $10 billion a year by 2027. And certainly Indian factories are gearing up. Peter Goodman covers the global economy for the Times. He says India is drawing on its massive population, the world's largest, and its supply of raw materials in order to build up its manufacturing industry. But there are a lot of hurdles. India's had a lot of bureaucracy, which has made it difficult for businesses, especially moving things across state borders. That's improved a lot in recent years, but that's still an issue. The infrastructure is being built out, but it's still pretty patchy in places. So no one's expecting India to catch up with China in global manufacturing anytime soon. Rather, India is well positioned to serve as a kind of alternative for companies that want to diminish their traditional reliance on factories in China to make their goods. That could make the supply chain globally more resilient, I mean, less dependent on any single country. And if something goes wrong in one place, you can shift production elsewhere. And India looks very well positioned right now to potentially step into that role. Those are the headlines. Next on the New York Times playlist is the run up. They'll break down where Biden and Trump stand on the issues voters say they're most concerned about, from the economy to abortion to immigration. I'm Tracy Mumford. We'll be back tomorrow.