 From the New York Times, it's the headlines. I'm Tracy Mumford. Today's Monday, July 1st. Here's what we're covering. This morning, the Supreme Court is expected to hand down the final decisions of its term, including on one of the most consequential cases they're considering, former President Donald Trump's immunity claim. Trump has argued that the federal charges he faces for plotting to overturn the 2020 election must be thrown out because he was president at the time. During the oral arguments about the case in April, the court's conservative majority seemed open to the idea that there should be immunity for some presidential acts. They circled around the concept that presidents could be shielded from prosecution for official actions, but not for private ones. The court's liberal justices, meanwhile, raised concerns that this could open the door to future presidents committing crimes with impunity. Today's ruling is poised to be a major statement on the scope of presidential power. At the hearing, Justice Neil Gorsuch said, quote, we're writing a rule for the ages. Also today, Steve Bannon, one of Trump's former top advisors, will have to report to federal prison. After the Supreme Court rejected his final appeal in a one sentence ruling, Bannon was convicted of defying a subpoena from the House of Representatives after he refused to testify about his role in January 6th. Bannon will serve his four month sentence at a low security prison in Connecticut. I don't walk as easy as I used to. I don't speak as smoothly as I used to. I don't debate as well as I used to. But I know what I do know. I know how to tell the truth. For the last three days, President Biden and his surrogates have been in damage control mode, pushing back against calls for him to step down from the race after a disastrous performance in his debate against Donald Trump. Let us not make a judgment about a presidency on one debate. Biden is one and Trump is still zero and he's the only person that's ever beaten Trump. He should stay in this race. He should demonstrate going forward his capacity to lead the country. In the day since the debate, we've heard basically one message from the president and his team. Everything is fine. Nothing to see here. Michael Shear covers the White House for the Times. Over the next several days, the president and his team have real challenges ahead of them. They've convinced many of his allies and donors to stop calling for him to step aside. Several of them have already done that. They need to try to focus the race again to be back on Mr. Trump, which is where the president has always hoped it would be. The former president's lies, the former president's extremism. That's what they've got to do over the course of the next several days, not have the attention focused on his own performance in one debate. But this strategy is very risky. If it doesn't work, the president and his campaign could seem dismissive of the voters who they need to win back, to win over, to keep in their side to defeat Mr. Trump in November. The president spent the weekend at Camp David with his family, who have been supporting his decision to stay in the race. Biden will be back at the White House today. In France last night, the far right won big in the first round of the country's parliamentary elections. The National Rally Party took about 33% of the vote. It beat a coalition of left-wing parties that had about 28% and was far ahead of French president Emmanuel Macron's centrist party and its allies. The result is a decisive victory for the far right in Europe and a huge setback for Macron, who still has three years left in office. The president called this snap election to try and prove that the far right didn't have wide support in France after its victory in the recent European parliamentary elections. But his risky gamble backfired. Voting for the far right used to be taboo in France because of its ties to the Nazis. The National Rally has stepped away from some of its most extreme positions in recent years, and its staunchly anti-immigrant platform seems to be resonating with a growing number of voters. A second round of voting still has to happen this weekend, but Sunday's results suggest there's two likely outcomes. One, the National Rally wins in absolute majority. Or the lower house of parliament will be so divided that it's ungovernable. The effect of the pandemic on school-aged kids has been well-documented. The disruption led to learning losses and other issues. But teachers and pediatricians are raising a flag that even kids who were too young to be in school during the height of COVID are also behind, developmentally and academically. The Times interviewed dozens of educators, experts, and doctors who said they're concerned about what they're seeing in young kids who are just starting school. They say students are less able to identify shapes and letters, do basic math, manage their emotions, or solve problems with their peers. Their fine motor skills are also behind. Some can't even hold a pencil yet. Data shows that most children have been affected to some degree. But kids in schools that are mostly black or Hispanic, or where most families are low income, are especially behind. One possible explanation for the delays. Kids whose parents were stressed by the pandemic picked up on that stress and had less energy for things like learning language and exploring. Kids also saw fewer people and spent more time on screens, both of which are linked to developmental delays. But researchers say there are reasons to be optimistic. Because these kids are so young, they still have time to catch up with the proper support. And finally, we're expecting multiple life threatening hazards with barrel as it moves through the Windward Islands. Hurricane Barrel is cutting through the Atlantic as a category three storm this morning, as people in the Caribbean brace for life threatening winds and storm surges. The hurricane warning is in effect for Barbados, St. Lucia, St. Vincent, and other nearby islands. Barrel is the first hurricane of the 2024 season. It started as a category four yesterday, though it was downgraded. It's the earliest in the season that a storm has ever reached that strength. Overall, the 2024 season is forecast to see an above normal number of hurricanes. Those are the headlines. Today on The Daily, Times White House correspondent Peter Baker, on the behind the scenes discussion in the Democratic Party about whether or not to replace Biden as the party's presidential candidate. Listen next on the New York Times playlist. I'm Tracy Mumford. We'll be back tomorrow.