 From the New York Times, it's the headlines. I'm Tracy Mumford. Today's Wednesday, June 19th. Here's what we're covering. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu lashed out at the Biden administration yesterday for holding back weapons from Israel. I said it's inconceivable that in the past few months, the administration has been withholding weapons and ammunition to Israel. Israel, America's closest ally, fighting for its life, fighting against Iran and our other common enemies. In a video, Netanyahu said he spoke with Secretary of State Antony Blinken about the issue, which began in May. That's when President Biden put a hold on one shipment of bombs to Israel to prevent them from being used in an assault on Ra'afa. Netanyahu claims Blinken told him last week that he's working day and night to resolve the delay. In Washington, Blinken declined to say whether he'd given Netanyahu that assurance. Blinken said only one shipment to Israel had been paused and other shipments of weapons are still flowing. Meanwhile, in Gaza, the temporary pier that the U.S. military built to deliver humanitarian aid has run into problem after problem, and now the operation may wrap up early. The whole idea of the pier came as a surprise to the Pentagon when President Biden suddenly announced it in his State of the Union address in March. The U.S. military then spent two months and about $230 million building it. It was intended to get around the delays and the dangers of delivering aid to Gaza by land routes. But in the month that it's been connected to the shoreline, it's only been in service for 10 days. It broke apart at one point in unexpectedly rough seas, and it's been closed for repairs and security concerns. The Biden administration had initially predicted the pier could be used until September, but officials are now warning aid organizations that it could be dismantled as soon as next month. This project, which was thrust upon the Pentagon under short notice, has frustrated and disappointed military officials and officials in the White House as well. Eric Schmidt covers the Pentagon for the Times. There's also been frustration from aid groups who are relying on the maritime pier to deliver more aid than it's been able to do so far. They never expected it to be the main solution to the problem, but I think they've been disappointed by the shortfalls that have plagued this project. With the pier winding down, Eric says Pentagon and White House officials are putting more pressure on Israel to open up land routes into Gaza. This week, Israel said it's pausing fighting during daytime hours along one specific route to make it easier to deliver aid. But when questioned by reporters, a spokesperson for the United Nations said that hasn't changed much yet. So just to make clear, there actually has been no aid going on that road since the Israeli announcement. I'm not aware of any aid traveling on that road so far. We are working to get it realized and we'll try to get moving as soon as we can. In California, Governor Gavin Newsom is calling for a statewide ban on smartphones in schools. It's the latest development in a growing effort nationwide to limit access to the devices because of classroom distractions and cyberbullying. One study last year found 97% of teenagers use their cell phones during the school day. The effort to limit that use transcends political lines. Florida and Indiana, both Republican-led states, have instituted restrictions. And the Democratic governor of New York, Kathy Hochul, said she wants to see a statewide ban instituted in 2025. There is some resistance from some parents who say they worry they won't be able to reach their kids in case of an emergency. And teachers unions have raised concerns about who will be responsible for enforcing the restrictions. Newsom's move in California comes just days after U.S. Surgeon General Vivek Murthy called for a warning label on social media platforms, citing their potential risks to teens' mental health. NVIDIA, the chipmaker at the center of the AI boom, has now become the world's most valuable public company. Yesterday, it leapt past Microsoft and Apple to take the top spot. It's had one of the fastest rises in value ever. In the past two years, it grew from a valuation of $400 billion to more than $3 trillion. NVIDIA's massive success is thanks to its stranglehold on the market for the chips needed to build AI systems. By some measurements, the company has captured more than 80% of that market. But NVIDIA's quick rise on the stock market has some on Wall Street wondering if the growth is sustainable. One analyst told The Times, if the return on AI turns out not to be there, the whole thing comes crumbling down. And finally, And he makes a miraculous catch as he stops a step short of the wall. One of the greatest baseball players of all time, Willie Mays, aka the Say Hey Kid, died on Tuesday at 93 years old. Mays grew up in Alabama but became a New York sensation when he joined the Giants in 1951. He was one of the few Black players in the major leagues at the time. He later recalled how Black players couldn't stay at the same hotels as their white teammates early in his career. Mays went on to be named the National League's most valuable player twice in 1954 and 1965, becoming a national favorite. He later moved to San Francisco when the Giants moved there to their infamously windy ballpark. He once said he thought the wins there cost him the chance to beat Babe Ruth's home run record. Still, Mays hit a total 660 home runs in his career, putting him in the top 10 in MLB history. He was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2015 from Barack Obama. Obama once said that if it hadn't been for Black players like Mays and Jackie Robinson paving the way like they did in baseball, quote, I'm not sure I would get elected to the White House. Those are the headlines. I'm Tracy Mumford. We'll be back tomorrow.