 From the New York Times, it's the headlines. I'm Tracy Mumford. Today's Tuesday, June 25th. Here's what we're covering. The extraordinary legal saga of Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, appears to be coming to an end. Assange agreed yesterday to plead guilty to one count of violating the Federal Espionage Act, closing out the long fight over his role in revealing classified materials. For years, posts on the WikiLeaks website rattled the government and politicians. In 2010, the site published documents that Army intelligence analyst Chelsea Manning had secretly downloaded, including information about the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. In 2016, at the height of the presidential race between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, WikiLeaks released thousands of emails from the Democratic National Committee. And in 2017, the site published files detailing CIA surveillance and hacking tools. Assange's supporters argue his work was in the public interest and that he deserved the same First Amendment protections as investigative journalists. But the U.S. government ultimately charged Assange on a number of counts, including for encouraging hackers to steal American secrets and send them to WikiLeaks. British police arrested Assange in 2019, and he was held in a London prison fighting extradition to the U.S. until yesterday. Assange has requested to appear in a U.S. court about as far from the mainland U.S. as possible, so he's flying to a U.S. Commonwealth in the middle of the Pacific Ocean, the northern Mariana Islands. He's scheduled to appear in court there tomorrow morning and be sentenced to about five years, time he already served in British custody. After the proceedings, he's expected to return to his home country of Australia. In Washington today, Israel's Defense Minister Yoav Gallant will meet with Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin as part of a series of talks with Biden administration officials about what's next for the war in Gaza. The meetings come just days after Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said that the intensive phase of fighting in Gaza was nearing an end. Netanyahu signaled that Israel is instead preparing to turn its focus north toward Lebanon, where it's been facing off against Hezbollah, the militia that's an ally of Hamas. There's been a steady uptick in strikes on either side of the Israel-Lebanon border. Israel strikes are going deeper and deeper into Lebanon and vice versa. Hezbollah strikes on Israel are becoming more brazen and damaging. Patrick Kingsley is the Times Jerusalem bureau chief. That has had many people in Israel calling for a full-scale invasion of Lebanon, and it's had many analysts predicting that what has been so far a relatively contained conflict along that border could now be about to escalate into something much larger than what we've seen even in Gaza. All that said, that is not a foregone conclusion. More Israeli troops along the border with Lebanon does not necessarily mean that they will invade. The sheer fact that they are there could encourage Hezbollah to reduce its strikes on Israel. That could in turn encourage Israel to reduce its own attacks on Lebanon. And you could see that leading to some kind of cessation of hostilities. Meanwhile, Israel's Supreme Court ruled today that the military must start drafting ultra-orthodox religious students. There had been a long-standing exemption for the students dating back to the country's founding in 1948, but it was never law. Military service is required for most men and women in Israel, so the exemption for the ultra-orthodox has been a point of tension. The court's decision could now create political problems for Netanyahu. He had previously planned to turn the exemption into a law, which could alienate secular members of his party. But if he allows the court to have the final word, he risks backlash from the ultra-orthodox parties who are helping to hold his coalition government together. This morning, the U.S. Surgeon General Vivek Murthy declared gun violence a public health crisis in America. Gunshot wounds are the leading cause of death for children and adolescents. And in recent years, there's been a surge in new gun ownership. There are more than 400 million guns in the country. Murthy's advisory calls for an increase in funding for gun violence prevention research and recommends that doctors talk about safe weapons storage during routine medical checkups. It also calls for universal background checks and other gun control measures. The NRA has been fighting this kind of public health declaration for years. In an interview with the Times, Murthy said that gun violence had become politicized, with that, quote, we have the opportunity to take it out of the realm of politics and put it into the realm of public health. The Surgeon General has limited power, but he can call attention to what he sees as pressing issues. And this is his second big announcement in just a few days. Last week, Murthy said social media platforms should come with a warning label about their potential effects on teens' mental health. Two federal judges have temporarily blocked parts of the Biden administration's student loan repayment plan, putting financial relief for millions of borrowers on hold. Many Americans who took out federal loans for their undergraduate education were going to have their monthly payments cut from 10 percent of their discretionary income to 5 percent starting next week. The courts have now stopped that from happening. The orders came after Republican-led states brought challenges to the loan repayment plan, which is known as SAVE. Many of the same states had also challenged the Biden administration's earlier effort to cancel $400 billion in federal student debt, a plan that was struck down last year by the Supreme Court. The states are arguing that the SAVE program is effectively another attempt by the Biden administration to unilaterally wipe out debt without congressional approval, and that taxpayers will foot the bill. In a statement, the White House press secretary said that the rulings won't stop the administration from quote, using every tool available to give students and borrowers the relief they need. So far, the administration has wiped out $167 billion in student debt for nearly 5 million borrowers. And finally, We're expecting a landing anytime soon. Overnight, China's ambitious operation to bring back soil samples from the far side of the moon ended in success. It's landed. You can hear applause from the ground control and command. Some of you already know this, but for the rest of us, the far side of the moon never faces Earth, making it more mysterious and harder to reach. It's impossible to directly communicate with lunar landers once they're on that side. But the robotic craft, the Chang'e 6, stayed in touch with the Chinese space agency using satellites and managed to send back a sample canister filled with lunar rock and dust. It parachuted down to Earth earlier today, landing in Mongolia. The samples are the first ones ever gathered from the moon's far side, which has more craters and a thicker crust than the side facing Earth. The material could lead to new insights about the moon's makeup and why the two sides are so different. The sample retrieval is China's latest feat in space. The country's been ramping up its unmanned robotic missions, and it hopes to send a crew to the moon by 2030. Those are the headlines. Today on The Daily, how AIPAC, the influential pro-Israel lobbying group, is trying to oust a New York Democrat who criticized the war in Gaza. Listen next on the New York Times playlist. I'm Tracy Mumford. We'll be back tomorrow.